Delaying the need

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-03-26 02:26

Drew was hurrying to the soccer field to play with his friends. He considered stopping by the bathroom and peeing before he set out, but there was someone in there. Ignoring the slightly dissatisfied twinge from his bladder, he left.

Drew played goalie. He was a good player, but halfway through the game, he became distracted. His penis was slightly swollen from the desire to pee. When he thought no one was looking, he grabbed his depserate penis through his athletic shorts quickly, trying to numb his urge to urinate. When the game was over, he was simply bursting.

He hurried around the corner, behind a clump of bushes, and started taking off his pants. He pulled down his shorts, and fished his penis out of his briefs. With his penis in his hand, he aimed at the bushes.

At that exact moment, Debby came along. "What are you doing!?! You don't pee outside!", she said. "The park restroom is close by, go there!!".

He had been so close to peeing. He stuffed his penis into his pants quickly. Before he did so though, his penis desperately spurted urine for a few seconds. "Go away!", he cried. "I gotta go now!!".

Debby wa shaving none of it, so Drew ran towards the park restroom. On his way there, he had to stop and get his bladder under control by grabbing his swollen, tingling penis. When he got there, the door was locked. He tried to keep holding it in, but piss aimply sprayed out of his stretched bladder, flOwing forcefully out of his tortured penis and into his pants.

*002*2017-03-26 22:50

What I enjoy most is the moment when I lose control and my piss shoots out my penis no matter how hard I'm trying to hold back

