Bursting at the urinal

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-03-27 18:54

It was halfway through a two hour biology lesson, and Aiden had to pee quite bad. He hasn't gone since leaving the house for school, and now it was almost noon.

Aiden was a sophomore in high school, very smart, and reasonably handsome. He was wearing a gashionable pair of dark blue skinny jeans, and a turquiose button up shirt. He excelled in school, and biology was his favorite lesson. Today, however, he would have liked to study another topic.

Today, they were learning about how organs function in the human body. A classmate was doing a presentation about the kidneys.

"the kidneys are the body's way of filtering blood and maintaining the body's electrolyte balance. By products from the kidneys, as well as excess water is then eliminated from the body via the bladder"

Aidens bladder throbbed at the thought. He so badly wanted to empty his bloated bladder. He shifted in his seat. His penis enlarged slightly, and pressed uncomfortably into the front of his pants. He adjusted himself stealthily through his pocket, taking an extra second to grasp the tip of his penis. He shifted in his seat again.

Aiden has quite a lot to drink. He usually had a large coffee and oj for breakfast. He also drank about a bottle of water, sipping absentmindedly as he finished a calculus test that morning.

Time, it seemed was slowing down, and Aiden's desire to pee was growing considerably and rapidly. The poor teen crossed his legs, squeezing his penis between his thighs. "

"I must ask for permission to go, once this presentation is over", he thought.

His leather belt dug unpleasantly into his overfilled bladder, his penis stiffening due to rhe pressure. He wasn't erect, but simply enlarged and semi-hard.

He raised his hand and asked "may I be excused?"

"No Aiden" replied the teacher. "These presentations will be on the final exam, so you need to focus on them"

@@there were still 40 minutes of the lesson left, and Aiden was bursting to pee. Suddenly, he felt s small spurt dampen his underwear. He was losing control. Somehow, he made it 20 more minutes. Then suddenly, the fire alarm went off. Aiden let short spurt of pee into his briefs in surprise. It felt like the rest of it was just behind the tip, reay to spray out of his penis at any minute.

Reluctantly, he followed his class to the forball field, where the teachers would take attendance and talk about fire safety. He walked past the boy's bathroom and stiffened, as his urge increased. His penis let out an eager anticipatory spurt. He held himself through his pocket.

He stood on the field for over half an hour, as the teacher talked about fire safety. Part of it was a demonstration of how to work a fire extinguisher. The sight made Aiden spurt piss into his briefs again. He was barely able to hold back this time. He was literally unable to stand still.

Finally, it was time to go in. Wasting no time, Aiden ran to the boy's bathroom, hoping to make it to a urinal relatively dry. He was running as fast a he could while bent forward slightly. Finally, he reached a urinal. He frantically undid his belt. The pressure from unbuckling it sends a small squirt of pee into his pants. Panicking, he unzips his pants, and fishes his engorged, tortured penis through his briefs. He second his penis was in his hand, a violent torrent erupted from him. He sighed in relief. Peeing finally felt so good. He pissed for over two minutes. When hewas done, he tucked his relieved penis into his considerably damp briefs.

*002*2017-03-28 09:48

This is actually a fictionalized version of what happened to me at school. I was 16, and there was actually a presentation about the kidneys! I had no chance to pee all day, and halfway through class, I realized just how urgently I had to pisssss. I was out of hallpasses. We were only allowed two per semester! It was torture. I always had to pee urgently by the end pf biology. But that day, it literally felt like I was about to wet myself. You know the feeling when piss tries to trickle out, and it almost feels like your pulling it back in at the last second? When I finally made it to the restroom, there was a LINE. I could hear other guys wetting and it was driving me crazy. When a urinal opened up, I hurried over, starting to dribble, and pissed like a firehose for well over a minute.

