A Good Omens rescue

Author: 101010a

*000*2020-02-02 02:04

So I wanted a role-play but couldn't find a partner so I've decided to curse the world with my crap writing instead. Basically Aziraphale and Crowley end up with a new charge after a kid in desperate need of shelter finds her was to the bookshop. Post not-pocalypse. This is the first proper fix I've written, so please be nice. This bit is kind of slow but there will be more wetting/messing/desperation in later chapters. Strictly non-sexual cause she's a kid and thats gross. Enjoy :-)

Chapter 1

Aziraphale talked about places smelling of love just often enough for it to be annoying. Especially when he insinuated Crowley’s equivalent would be picking out spookiness.

Indeed, just as angels could pick out certain feelings around a place, Demons could sense a different set with similar accuracy. Spooky, was not one of those feelings.

But fear and stood out like pinpricks along the sides of his ribs, almost like poorly performed acupuncture. And tonight Crowley’s skin was rippling and prickling with the feeling of scared human.

He’d been steadfastly attempting to ignore it, they were after-all in SoHo nearing Christmas, and he assumed he was picking up nervous shopkeepers and pedestrians en masse. He’d also been avoiding telling Aziraphale, as he was sure the angle would charge off to help, and he wasn’t ready for such excitement barely a month after the near end of the world. He was sure the humans could sort out their own problems.

Well, he was pretty sure anyway. The feeling was persistent, and didn’t appear to be moving despite the clearing of the streets as the clock ticked later. If anything it was getting more desperate.

He shifted on the sofa, unwittingly elbowing his angel in the process. Aziraphale jumped, he’d been so deeply involved in his book that the demons movements had startled him.

“I think perhaps it’s time for bed dear, not that this isn’t lovely, but a bit more space might be nice.” He offered, trying to find a tactful way of removing Crowley’s boney elbow from his ribs.

“Hmmm” Crowley hummed, not really paying attention. The feeling had gotten closer, if he didn’t know better he’d say the source was sitting on their stoop.

Aziraphale stood, trying to urge Crowley along. It wasn’t uncommon for Crowley to be a bit non-verbal when he was tired, so he assumed the demon just needed to be led.

Crowley, however, did not move. He stayed in his awkward position on the couch, glaring at the door. Aziraphale followed his gaze but saw nothing out of the ordinary.

“Is that locked, Angel?” he asked, still staring at the door.

“Obviously dear, it’s nearly midnight, even my hours are not that strange.”

Crowley narrowed his gaze, trying to will himself able to see through the door, before deciding it would take slightly less effort to just go look.

“Would you mind a bit of tea before bed?” he asked, knowing Aziraphale wouldn’t refuse and would insist on making it the human way. He figured he could check the stoop and gently shoo or bribe whoever was there away, without having to endure Aziraphale’s desire to take in strays in the middle of the night.

“Of course dear.” Aziraphale smiled and turned towards the kitchen.

Once the Angel was out of sight Crowley sauntered to the door and pulled back the curtain, just enough to peek one snaky eye out. At first he didn’t see anything, it was raining heavily and the world looked like a rather singular shade of grey. Then he saw the pompom of a hat poking up from beside the stairs.

The door flew open, Crowley would leave most adults out in the rain but this wasn’t an adult’s hat, and he had some rather rough memories of children and rainstorms.

“You look rather cold,” He said, peering down at the small human on the sidewalk. Cold was an understatement. They looked soaked to the bone, even through several layers of clothes. At this point they were nearly a human-shaped puddle.

“I’m sorry, It’s just your light was on and I thought it would be safer than in the dark, I’ll go, I’ll get out of your way.” Came the frantic reply as the bundle of tattered fabric tried to get to its feet.

“You’re not exactly in my way, I wasn’t planning on standing next to the stoop in a rainstorm,” Crowley replied, trying his best to sound playful instead of snarky.

“But I’m sure you don’t want me out here either. I’m bad for business.”

“There’s not much business here at midnight, not at a bookstore at least. Want to come inside?” he offered.

The bundle looked at him hesitantly, going into closed shops with strange men did not seem like a good idea, but it did look warm and dry and the kid was desperately ready to be warm and dry.

“Look, I won’t bite, and you don’t have to stay, but at least come wait for the rain to stop, dry off a bit. We were just about to have tea,” Crowley tempted, dusting off an old set of skills.

The bundle continued to look at him nervously, clearly wanting to take the bait but still a bit hesitant.

“I’m sure we’ve got some biscuits as well, if you’re hungry.”

That seemed to seal the deal and the bundle nodded, climbing the few stairs a bit unsteadily. Crowley offered a hand but the child flinched back instead of taking it and he quickly put it down.

They re-entered the shop, Crowley a bit more than damp and the kid positively dripping, and immediately came face to face with a very confused angle holding a novelty teapot Crowley had gotten for him sometime in the 70s.

“Crowley…” He started, not quite sure what to ask, before his gaze shifted to the mass of blankets, that was now trembling, and dripping a puddle onto one of many rather shabby rugs.

“Hello there, dear gir…bo…” Zira trailed off, the child was quite genderless under the heap of wet things.

“You must be positively freezing” he added, raising his fingers to perform a quick miracle and throwing a somewhat pissy glance at Crowley for letting the child stay in wet things.

Crowley was thankfully quicker however and managed to grab his husband’s hand.

“Yes, I’m sure you are, Zira, why don’t you grab a nice, normalsweater for our guest and I’ll start a fire.” He said pointedly, sure that anything even vaguely supernatural would send the child skittering back out into the rain.

“Take off the outside bits and put them there kid.” Crowley instructed, pointing to one of the few chairs not covered in books, “and we’ll get you warmed up.”

Crowley’s voice had taken on a tone Aziraphale had only heard a time or two before and he was reminded that this was the demon who’d sheltered children from the great flood. The demon who’d been a nanny and then a tutor for the better part of a decade. Aziraphale was good at compassion on a large scale, but Crowley’s talent with children was something he did not possess. Wisely enough he decided to let Crowley lead.

The had child slipped out of a few layers, staunchly refusing to take of the sopping wet cap or offer a name. The choice of clothes and cap had at the very least gven them an indication of gender.

Aziraphale had poured tea and offered a mountain of blankets and Crowley had gotten a roaring fire together faster then seemed possible. The kid was looking warmer, but was clearly exhausted and uncomfortable, sinking into the couch with a pained look on his face.

“Are you sure you won’t tell us your name dear boy?” Aziraphale urged, trying to get a verbal response and receiving a headshake instead.

“Fair enough, I didn’t much like my first name either” Crowley offered, briefly wondering if he could pass the knit blanket off as electric.

“What about where your parents are? Did you get lost? I’m sure they must be worried sick.” Zira pressed on.

That received a more vigorous response; the kid sat straight up again and prepared to bolt. Crowley glared at the door making it clear that it was not to open.

“They don’t care, I mean, they’re not worried please don’t call them.” The reply was far more frantic than angel or demon would have liked.

The quick movements appeared to have taken in out of the kid, and he winced, nearly flopping backwards. Aziraphale noticed this and began to fret more than he had been already.

“Are you hurt dear boy? You look like you’re in pain.” He asked, as gently as possible, willing the child to answer, which would have worked if he hadn’t also lifted a hand towards the kid’s forehead to check for a fever and for injuries.

Said child flinched violently backwards shaking his head, and might have fallen of the couch completely if Crowley hadn’t been just a touch faster than human. Thankfully Crowley’s thinking matched his speed and, in the brief moment his hand touched the child’s he probed enough to get an idea of what was happening.

He immediately wished he hadn’t. He was hit by a wave pain that felt like taking a bowling ball to the ribcage. There were other smaller bursts as well, but the one at the center shook the demons imagined calm. He had no idea how the child was sitting so still.

“Kid I know you’re hurt.” Crowley said, recovering his breath. “Let us have a look, I promise it won’t hurt.”

The violent headshaking resumed.

“I’m fine, I should go, thanks for the tea and everything but I’m really fine and …” The kid babbled, trying to make a run for the door, but not making it further than a few wobbly steps before sinking back to the floor.

“Listen kid, normally I’d take you at your word, really I would, but I’m gonna have to insist.” Crowley said, squatting to put them at the same eye level. As subtly as he could he snapped his fingers

“I thought we weren’t doing miracles dear?”

“It’s only slight, and that was before I knew, keeping the secret won’t help if the kid dies now will it” Came the snarky reply.

“Put your arms up kid.” He said gently, knowing it would still be taken as a demand.

The child tried to do what was asked, looking trancelike but still whining in pain. Crowley muttered a few choice words and snapped again, miracling away the sweatshirt he’d been trying to remove along with the rest of the kid’s clothes. He knew humans were weird about nudity but demons were far less concerned and he couldn’t assess injuries without seeing them.

A massive, angry looking purple bruise spread across the kid’s ribs, and other, smaller and somewhat less concerning injuries covered almost everything else.

Crowley also noticed that the kid wasn’t a boy, at least biologically.

Aziraphale stepped forward, trying his best to keep composed, but finding himself fighting back tears and anger all the same. He would never understand the cruelty humans could muster.

“How on earth did this happen child?” he asked, kneeling beside Crowley.

“I fell asleep outside, woke up to them trying to get my backpack off. I tried to fight them, but they kicked me, hard. Then they ran. That’s why I was next to your shop, its safer in the light.” Hearing the deadpan voice recounting the horrific story but Aziraphale managed to keep his face calm, nodding as he put a hand over the injury.

“Ruptured spleen I think.” He said.

Crowley moved his own hand to confirm this and nodded gravely.

“Could be worse I suppose” He said, pushing enough energy through his hand to stop the bleeding and curb the pain.

“He…she..the child will be fine I think” Crowley said, tripping a bit over gender, another human concept he found more annoying than anything he’d ever come up with.

“’m a girl” The kid mumbled, so quietly they barely heard her. “it’s not safe to be a girl.”

Crowley winced at the implications of that but decided it was best left alone for now. He moved his hand, leaving the child’s injuries looking much less concerning, but still there.

“Dear, you didn’t quite finish,” Aziraphale said, looking confusedly at the half-healed injuries.

Crowley had always been better at healing, and he’d found it easier to explain his talents to his head-office. Heaven was very particular about who was healed; most suffering was ‘part of the plan.’ Hell however, had been sold on the idea that near-death experiences gave children time to learn the ways of sin, thus securing more souls for their side. It was one of Crowley’s favorite memos.

“I want to keep her from dying, not send her out onto the street shouting about witches. As far as she’s concerned this has all been a strange dream.”

“But she’ll still be in pain, aren’t you dear?” Aziraphale said concerned. The girl shook her head.

“You thought I’d leave her in pain, ye of little faith.” Crowley said, looking genuinely insulted at the thought. “I just don’t want to attract any unnecessary attention until we figure out what needs to happen either here or from above or bellow, you know what happened the last time someone walked around miraculously healing the sick.”

“What do you mean ‘what needs to happen’” Aziraphale said incredulously. “We’ll need to contact the authorities of course! Those vile creatures will answer for what they’ve done.”

“Don’t go all righteous on me, you know as well as I do that the humans are questionable at best.”

“Yes, well, we can’t just keep a child, I’m sure there’s someone looking for her.” Aziraphale said, sounding less sure of himself.

“You are not contacting…”

Crowley was interrupted by the child next to him curling into herself; apparently afraid enough to be pulling out from his influence well he was distracted. He let his hold on her fade, not wanting her to experience her mind fighting a demon and fairly sure she was beyond running. She brought her knees up to her chest and rested her chin on them.

“Please don’t tell anyone I’m here. I’ll go if you want, but please my dad is the only one looking for me and if he finds me he’ll…he’ll…” She trailed off, too worked up to speak. Crowley shot Zira his best ‘see what you did’ look and put a hand on her back.

“You’re safe here kid, relax” He said, doing his best to be calming.

The girl, however, did not relax. Instead her breath got quicker Crowley felt her shaking as he rubbed her back. He winced as a puddle started spreading around her but didn’t move. Six millennia of on-and-off caring for children had gotten him used to most bodily fluids. Aziraphale was somewhat more concerned.

“Crowley, is she all right, what’s happening, she’s leaking.”

“She’s fine angel she’s scared, but she’ll be fine. Why don’t you go run her a bath.” Crowley said pointedly before turning his attention back to the shaking child.

“It’s fine kid really, your father cannot find you here.” He said, putting enough intention behind his words to make sure they were accurate.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, I just…”

Crowley could tell the girl was working herself into a panic and cut her off.

“It’s fine kid really, needed to mop in here anyway.”

He reached for the blanket on the couch and wrapped it around her shoulders.

“Come on kid, let’s get you cleaned up.” He stood and offered her a hand, which she took shakily.

Crowley led her to the bathroom, where Aziraphale had indeed drawn a bath, complete with a family of yellow rubber ducks.

“I’ll grab you some clothes, if you’re all right” Crowley said, excusing himself.

He walked through the flat, finding, a new, conveniently placed spare bedroom and an angel fussing over its contents.

“Is she still terribly upset dear,” Zira asked, clearly worried.

“Nah, she’ll be alright, she’s in the bath. Just maybe refrain from talking about the authorities for a bit eh?” Crowley replied, much more reined in now that he wasn’t sitting over a crying child.

Aziraphale wrung his hands nervously.

“Well, we will have to tell them at some point won’t we? We can’t just keep a child, there are rules and such, aren’t there?” Aziraphale asked.

“There are rules for humans, we are not humans. And until we know what exactly she’s running from I think we should just keep her here, where she’s safe. Isn’t that in your job description anyway oh guardian of the eastern gate.”

“I suppose,” said Aziraphale, still sounding unsure.

“For now she’ll be needing pajamas, and I think cozy is more you’re area.” Crowley said, gesturing to the new, impressively fluffy, duvet. A second later he sound himself holding soft tartan pajamas.

“Really angel, tartan.”

“Tartan’s stylish”

“It is not stylish” Crowley called, walking out of the room.

The girl emerged from the bathroom clad in the new pajamas and only then did Crowley realize that with all the confusion he’d been referring to her as ‘kid’ and ‘girl.’

“What’s your name kid? Sorry, should’ve asked earlier I suppose.”

The girl hesitated slightly, more out of instinct than anything else.

“Mine’s Crowley, the old bookworm is Aziraphale” Crowley offered.

“Audrey” she mumbled.

“It’s nice to meet you Audrey,” Crowley said, doing his best to ignore the anything-but-nice circumstances.

*001*2020-02-05 00:41

Chapter 2!

I wrote this when I should have been sleeping so please forgive any blatant proofreading misses.

Crowley got Audrey settled in bed, only leaving once she’d assured him she was ok, and once he’d set up a nightlight and given her strict instructions to get them if she needed anything.

Audrey sat in the new very cozy bed desperately trying to figure out how she was going to stay awake through the night. She was so tired her whole body felt heavy, almost as if she was made of lead. But she also knew that falling asleep here would be a very, very bad idea. To start she was in a flat with two strange men, and well she found herself feeling fairly safe around both them she didn’t yet trust the feeling, certainly not enough to make herself that vulnerable. And, even if she could convince herself to ignore the part of her mind demanding that she stay up and keep watch she knew there were other issues at play.

Well, one other issue at least; one she was almost too ashamed to name even to herself. If she slept she would almost definitely wake up to wet sheets, and while they’d been nice about her making a mess of their floor she was sure that had been a one-time deal. She’d been hurt and panicking and they’d felt bad enough for her to drop it but now she was feeling so much better and they were sure to know that since they were the ones who had helped her. Surely if she wet tonight they would quickly realize that it wasn’t because she was hurt, like everyone else they’d know that she was simply a disgusting brat who hadn’t been properly housebroken. She shuddered at the thought.

Audrey managed to keep herself awake for nearly two hours, digging her fingers into the fading bruise on her side every time she felt herself nodding off. Around 3 a.m. however, her body decided it could take no more and she found even physical pain didn’t push back the exhaustion. She fell into a fitful sleep shortly after.

###

Meanwhile; an angel and a demon were quietly bickering in the next room. Crowley was firmly denying that he should sleep; reminding Aziraphale that while it was something he enjoyed it was hardly something he needed. Aziraphale knew him far too well to believe a single word.

“Dear you need to rest, you’ve gotten your corporation used to it, and it won’t suddenly do to just stop. Don’t you remember the week Gabriel convinced me to give up eating?” He said exasperated.

“Course I remember, longest 8 hours of my existence. You were so grouchy I thought you were going to come over to my side.” Crowley said, hoping to embarrass the angel into dropping the argument. Aziraphale blushed at the memory.

“Well, that’s exactly my point. Not sleeping may not kill you but you certainly won’t be pleasant in the morning, and we have a young charge who would be rather terrified by a grouchy demon I believe.”

“You think I would be nasty to a child because I was a bit sleep deprived Angel, really?” Crowley replied testily. “It’s your side that has a habit of being nasty to kids, not mine, ineffable plans and necessary suffering and what not.”

“We are not on either side anymore, or have you forgotten.” Aziraphale replied, knowing better than to defend heaven’s track record with kids to Crowley. He’d had that argument and lost often enough to know the demon had a point.

“Yes, well, sides or no I’m staying up tonight, I told her to get me if she needs anything and if she does I intend to be ready to help.”

“Dear, have you forgotten that I do not sleep, at least not on a regular basis? I’m happy to keep an ear out for the child while you get some rest.” Aziraphale offered, clearly annoyed that this possibility hadn’t occurred to Crowley.

“She’s somewhat terrified of you right now, still thinks you want to send her back to the ones who hurt her, and in fairness she’s not wrong, you just want to add extra steps.”

It was Aziraphale’s turn to be defensive.

“You realize I am an actual angel right? The full ‘be not afraid’ version. My desire to do things properly doesn’t make me a threat to her. I’m sure the humans wouldn’t send her anywhere she would be unsafe.”

Crowley groaned, throwing his head back and rolling his eyes.

“That is exactly it angel. Your too good, and too trusting of a system that is anything but trustworthy. They’ll send her back or they’ll put her somewhere just as unsafe, and she may not be lucky enough to find a friendly bookshop next time!” he snapped.

Aziraphale deflated, knowing from the conviction in Crowley’s voice that he was speaking from knowledge or direct experience. Seeing the angel calm down Crowley did his best to follow suit.

“It’s an awful system Angel, the type of mess my side can only dream of creating. Its not that its designed to be evil, there are just too many kids to look after, and not enough money or time to help them all. I’ve done my share of meddling trying to fix it but the whole thing is rotten, no way to do it without upsetting downstairs.” He explained quietly, resting his head on Aziraphale’s shoulder. Aziraphale bit his tongue to avoid asking the demon how on earth someone so kind had managed to fall. He put his hands up in defeat.

“All right, no authorities, at least until we know the full story and can ensure her safety. Until then she’ll stay with us.” He conceded, stroking Crowley’s hair. The demon felt his eyelids drooping.

“You’re tryna put me to sleep.” He accused, slurring his words just enough to show it was working.

“Only for a few hours dearest, you do need it, and I’ll keep an eye on the little one. I’m sure she’ll sleep soundly anyway, the poor dear is exhausted.” He said, guiding Crowley’s head to the pillow. The demon grunted, realizing he wasn’t going to win.

“Fine, but stay up here where it’ll be easy for her to find you, and make sure the hallway light stays dimmed, and keep an ear out for her, she might be to scared to come get you, and if she gets herself worked up again wake me.” Crowley demanded. Aziraphale chuckled at how protective the demon was acting.

“I’m sure we’ll be fine. Get some rest.” He assured. The demon’s eyes drifted shut.

Aziraphale settled himself in a cozy chair in the flat’s small living room and, with one of the few books his shop had on child rearing. He’d picked it up when they were caring for Warlock, though he’d discarded it for more interesting reading when it became apparent nanny Ashtoreth would be doing most of the actual child rearing and the book failed to contain a ‘how to keep your ward from ending the world’ section.

###

Audrey managed to sleep for a few hours, but that sleep quickly turned to nightmares as her mind tried to process everything that had happened. She woke up with a start in a tangle of sheets, trying frantically to remember where she was. After a few moments she managed to calm down enough to remember the bookshop and the kind men, only to immediately be faced with a new, equally terrifying problem. She felt a cooling wetness around her legs and, pulling back the covers to check she realized the nightmare wasn’t over yet. She had wet the bed.

She pressed the heels of her hands into her eyes, trying to steady herself and keep herself from crying. This was bad, very bad and she needed to cleanup before they had the chance to realize what she’d done.

As quietly as she could, she gathered the sheets and duvet into a bundle and went in search of a washing machine, sniffling softly. The pile of bedding was so big she could barely see over it and she didn’t notice the man sitting in the living room until she heard him speak.

“What are you doing dear girl?” Aziraphale asked, as gently as he could, at a complete loss as to what she might be doing shuffling across the living room with all her bedding in the early hours of the morning. For all his cleverness the angel could be quite dense.

Audrey froze and it would have appeared she’d been turned to stone if she wasn’t shaking so badly. Despite her best attempts to stop she found herself crying in earnest. She tried to come up with some excuse, or at least an apology, but the words caught in her throat.

Aziraphale got up from his chair and quickly made his way over to the shaking child. Worried the shaking and crying might stem from an unhealed injury he attempted to move the blankets so he could get a proper look at her. This only made her grip them tighter, and seemed to increase the shaking ten-fold.

“Please…no…I’m sorry…no,” Audrey tried to tell him that she was sorry, or promise to clean up the mess, but the words wouldn’t string together. It was at this moment Aziraphale caught a whiff of something that he knew was familiar, though he couldn’t quiet place it, he was sure he’d experienced the same scent a time or two while watching Warlock.

“Love, its all right, whatever it is I’m sure its not worth all this fuss,” he tried to reassure Audrey, still trying to gently remove the bedding from her frantic grip. As he did so his hand brushed against something wet and finally it clicked.

“It’s all right dear girl, we’ll just get you cleaned up and back to bed, no harm done.” He continued, trying to push an essence of calm into his words although he had a feeling that was something Gabriel had come up with in an attempt to sound ethereal. He finally managed to free the sheets from her hands and settled for eye contact instead, which seemed to be slightly more effective as the shaking seemed to slow. He offered her hand, and after a few moments she took it and let him lead her towards the bathroom.

“I’m really really really sorry.” She managed, watching her feet shuffle across the carpet.

“There is nothing to be sorry for dear girl, it was hardly your fault, and at any rate it’s easily taken care of.”

They found the tub already full, simply because Aziraphale expected it to be. He wanted to stay and make sure she got on all right but he didn’t quite remember at what age humans started bathing themselves and knowing Crowley had offered her privacy earlier he assumed he ought to do the same.

“You go ahead and clean up and I shall take care of the bed and get some fresh pajamas, but just call out if you need anything.” He said, leaving the door cracked for his own piece of mind, as he was still unsure about leaving the teary-eyed girl alone.

The bed was fixed with a snap of his fingers and a clean, soft set of Tartan pajamas obediently appeared at the foot of the bed. He picked them up and headed back towards the bathroom, stopping by the living room to miracle away the mess of sheets.

Audrey had tried to do as she was told, but she was so tired that the minute she slipped into the water she found her eyelids drooping. She managed to wet a washcloth and lather it with soap before she decided it wouldn’t be so terrible to let her eyes rest just for a second.

Aziraphale knocked quietly on the door, and then knocked again a bit louder when he didn’t hear a response.

“Audrey, dear child, I have clean things for you, are you ready to get out?” he called around the door.

The only response he received was a quiet mumble. He repeated the question and received another nearly nonverbal answer, this time sounding as if it had come from half underwater. Carefully he opened the door a bit further and stuck his head into the bathroom, and noticed the girl laying half asleep, sliding into the water. He clicked his tongue and let himself the rest of the way in. Strange human concepts of modesty be damned, the poor child needed to get back to sleep in a proper bed, not in the bathtub.

As gently as he could manage he lifted her enough to get her face out of the water. Her eyes flew open but she was too tired to really fight him, and for reasons she could not understand or explain, she didn’t particularly feel a need to.

“I’m going to get you clean and then we will get you back to bed dear,” he explained, taking the washcloth from her. Audrey tensed as he moved to touch her.

“Please, don’t hurt me, I’ll be good,” she whispered. Aziraphale felt his heart shatter.

“I’m not going to hurt you love.” He promised. She didn’t entirely believe him but she knew better than to argue.

He made quick work of cleaning her up, before lifting her out of the bath and wrapping her in the fluffiest towel he could miracle up. By the time she was dry and dressed in fresh pajamas she was basically dead weight.

He offered her a hand again, intending to lead her back to the bedroom, but she didn’t take it. Instead she remained seated on the toilet where he’d put her so he could fit her with fuzzy socks. Her head leaned back against the wall and he was unsure she was still awake.

“Dear girl, would it be all right if I pick you up?” he asked gently rubbing her shoulder to wake her enough to answer. Hesitantly she nodded, figuring if he intended to hurt her he could do so either way.

Aziraphale gently picked her up; careful to rest her head against his shoulder since she seemed to be making no effort to hold it up herself. He hummed quietly as he walked her back to the spare bedroom and got her settled, and by the time he had her tucked in she was sound asleep.

*002*2020-02-10 01:06

Chapters 3 and 4 yay!

Fair warning: there is a messing scene near the end of chapter 4

CHAPTER 3

Crowley woke to a quiet house. His angel had returned to pouring over the childcare book, which had left him with more questions than answers. Audrey was still sleeping soundly, too deep in her exhaustion to be plagued by any further nightmares.

He got dressed, aiming to be a bit less intimidating, skipping the usual snake’s head belt and donning black jeans and a grey shirt, and after a moment of consideration, the red tartan scarf he had ended up with after Aziraphale and he had switched corporations.

He made his way to the kitchen, debating what to make for breakfast. He considered simply miracling something up, but Aziraphale swore miracled food didn’t compare to the real thing and he was pretty sure the too-thin child could use the real thing.

After a bit of digging he settled on porridge, being both healthy enough and something he could bribe the child into eating with sugar if he needed too. He’d just set it on the stove when Aziraphale came looking for him, book in hand. Aziraphale wrapped an arm around Crowley, planting a kiss on his cheek.

“Dearest, are you cookingbreakfast?” he asked, pleasantly confused.

“Why so surprised, you know I can cook.”

“I know you cancook, it’s just, well, you don’t often choose to. Certainly not before noon.” Aziraphale said, stealing one of the berries Crowley was washing. Crowley smacked Aziraphale’s hand away.

“Those are for the porridge!” He chided. Aziraphale grabbed another few raspberries and quickly moved out of reach, flashing a taunting smile at the demon.

“Bastard,” Crowley said, rolling his eyes.

“Did you sleep well dearest?” Aziraphale asked.

“Like the dead, I take it the girl stayed asleep too?”

Aziraphale nodded figuring it wasn’t technically a lie if he didn’t say anything.

Crowley looked at the bright orange book still tucked into Aziraphale’s hand, noting the change from his usual reading material.

“Parentingwith Love and LogicAngel, really?” He teased. “I thought we were only keeping her until we could insure her safety? I fall asleep for five hours and you go full Mr. Mom on me?”

“A bit of advice hardly seemed out of place, and some of it is quite helpful. Besides the selection of child-rearing texts I have in stock is rather limited, this seemed more fitting then one from the 1800’s.

“Why are you making Porridge of all things? I forgot it was even in the cabinet.” He asked, changing the topic.

“Seemed easy, kid friendly and somewhat healthy.” Crowley answered.

“Yes, but don’t you think she could do with something a bit more fun? And a bit more substantial? We have the time, why don’t we have a fry up?” He said, already moving to the fridge. “I think she’s finally sleeping soundly so we ought to have time.”

Crowley stopped him as he turned around with an armful of eggs, assorted pork products, and tomatoes.

“She doesn’t need a fry up, she’s still recovering from who knows what the last thing she needs is you feeding her half a pig.” He said, taking things and putting them back in the fridge.

“And what do you mean ‘finally sleeping’?” He added suspiciously.

“I just meant, well, she arrived rather late, and it took a bit to get her settled, it was quite late by the time the poor dear was asleep.” Aziraphale backpedaled. “And I don’t see why she can’t have a more exciting breakfast than porridge,” He added, eager to change the topic.

“Porridgeis healthy, and if she hasn’t been eating enough or if she’s been eating crap than it’s less likely to upset her stomach, a fry up is just going to make her sick.” Crowley said, returning to stirring the pot on the stove. Aziraphale raised an eyebrow.

“And when did you become such an expert dear? I wasn’t aware they were giving nutrition courses in hell.” He said, rather annoyed he was being lectured about healthy food by someone who didn’t typically eat.

That struck a nerve and Crowley glared at him but didn’t respond, there were still some things he wasn’t sharing with his angel.

“Are you sure she can’t at least have some eggs as well dear? She really is terribly light.” Aziraphale said.

“Terriblylight?” Crowley asked, now both suspicious and happy to have a reason the shift the focus to his angel. “How exactly do you know she’s light, Angel?”

Aziraphale shifted nervously, realizing he’d gotten himself caught.

“Well, I’d almost forgotten, she was up last night, just very briefly, really it was so quick I’d nearly forgotten.” He blabbered nervously.

Crowley’s glare intensified.

“You said she hadn’t woken up.” He hissed.

“Actually dear, I never said that, I just didn’t say she had,” Aziraphale responded. Crowley put the spoon down and whipped around to face his angel.

“I asked you to wake me if she needed anything angel, what happened?” He demanded.

“Actually dear, you only said to wake you if she got herself worked up again, and I was able to calm her down fairly quickly, and it seemed silly to interrupt your rest over something I could easily fix.”

“Angel,WHAT HAPPENED?” Crowley repeated, resisting the urge to shake the answer out of his angel.

“The poor dear had a bit of a nightmare I think, she walked into the living room with a pile of wet sheets and still in wet clothes. She was trying to clean it up herself I think, the poor thing, she truly thought I was going to be upset with her, Crowley she pleaded with me not to hurt her,” Aziraphale said, upsetting himself by recounting the whole ordeal.

“She wet the bed? Poor kid must have been scared out of her mind. Did she get cleaned up ok? Are you sure she got back to sleep?” Crowley cut him off with his own stream of worry.

“Well, in the end I cleaned her up, she was far too tired to do so herself. And yes, I’m sure she got back to sleep, she was already out by the time I got her back in bed. ”

“You cleaned her up? Angel we said no miracles, it’s only been a few months since the attempted end of the world, using miracles on humans is a surefire way to attract attention from your office, and maybe mine as well! Not to mention the potential of scaring the shit out of her!” he scolded.

“Language dear, and calm down, you’ll wake her up and scare her yourself if you’re not careful.” Aziraphale said. Crowley glared at him but shut his mouth, knowing the Angel was right.

“And for the record I didn’t miracle anything, while at least not anything on her person. I left her to bathe, but the poor dear nearly fell asleep in the tub. I know humans need their privacy, but leaving her in danger of drowning hardly seemed appropriate.”

Crowley let out something between a sigh and a groan.

“And your sure she got back to sleep all right, there isn’t anything else I should know about?” He asked.

“No, that’s the bulk of it. I am sorry I didn’t tell you dearest, its just, well, I knew you would worry yourself terribly and you did need to sleep.” Aziraphale said.

Crowley sighed again.

“It’s fine angel, no harm done I suppose, and I’m glad she found one of us.” He conceded. He turned the burner off on the stove.

Aziraphale glanced at the clock, it was nearing half ten and he assumed the girl would be up soon. He grabbed bowls out of the cabinet and began to spoon porridge into them, allowing Crowley to arrange berries on the top.

Twenty minutes later they were sitting in the kitchen drinking tea, Aziraphale reading his ridiculous book and Crowley trying to pretend he wasn’t reading over the angel’s shoulder. They heard soft footsteps in the hall.

“Audrey, we’re in here kid, come have some breakfast,” Crowley called.

The footsteps hesitated for a minute, before coming towards the kitchen.

“Good morning dear.” Aziraphale greeted Audrey, smiling brightly as she stepped into the kitchen.

“Good Morning” she mumbled quietly.

“Come sit with us kid, we were just about to eat.” Crowley invited, standing up to get the bowls, which were still warm and fresh as he expected them to be.

“Thank you,” she mumbled, eyeing the food cautiously, trying to figure out what type of trap this might be.

Crowley put a bowl in front of Aziraphale and a bowl in front of himself, which earned him a somewhat surprised look from his angel.

“Did you sleep ok kid?” Crowley asked, taking a bite of his breakfast and doing his best not to make a face at the texture. He didn’t mind some foods but porridge was rather gooey for his tastes.

Audrey nodded, moving her spoon around in her bowl. After seeing both men take a few bites she decided to try it, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was quite good. She took a few more bites and soon began to wolf it down, both because she was starving and because she was afraid it might get taken away.

“Easy kid, it’s not going anywhere,” Crowley said gently. Audrey slowed her pace for a minute before going back to shoveling food in as fast as possible. Crowley decided this was better left alone, at least for now. He went back to quietly chatting with Aziraphale, not wanting the girl to feel overwhelmed.

“There’s more on the stove if you want it kid,” Crowley offered, noting that Audrey had finished her bowl. She looked at him hesitantly and Crowley got up to give himself another small scoop.

“Can I have a bit more too dearest?” said Aziraphale, taking the hint.

Audrey watched all of this carefully; deciding that if both of them were having more it was probably ok for her to do so as well. Crowley put out his hand for her bowl.

“Want a bit more kid?” he offered again.

Audrey nodded before quickly correcting her manners and adding, “yes, please.”

Crowley filled her bowl again and handed it back to her. He took a deep breath and braced himself for a more difficult conversation.

“So, kid, we’ve been talking about having you stay here, and we’ve agreed that at least for the time being that is probably safest.” He said gently.

Audrey looked at him nervously, unable to make herself say anything.

“But, we do need to know what brought you here, or at least who might be looking for you,” Crowley continued apologetically.

“Not that we’re going to contact anyone dear girl, its just rather hard to ward, I mean protect, against people we know nothing about.” Aziraphale added hastily.

Audrey regarded them cautiously for a moment, knowing that she wasn’t supposed to discuss anything about her home with strangers and not quite believing that they wouldn’t send her back. But the white haired one was looking at her with such care and neither of them looked like they were lying, and she really didn’t want to need to leave. She took a deep breath to steady herself.

“My dad is the only one who would be looking for me, but I ran away a long time ago and he hasn’t found me yet, I’m not sure he’s really looking,” she mumbled.

“Why did you run away?” Crowley asked, keeping his voice level. Audrey bit her lip, avoiding Crowley’s eyes. Crowley was smart enough to wait. After a few minutes the awkwardness persuaded Audrey to fill the silence.

“He kept getting meaner. It was my fault; I kept making messes and getting in trouble. I wasn’t being careful one day and tripped and hit the TV and it broke and I knew he’d be really really mad, and I got really scared and I just left.” She explained quietly.

“It was absolutely not your fault, dear no matter what you did.” Aziraphale said fiercely, so upset he was nearly glowing in full righteous anger. Thankfully Crowley managed to keep himself a bit calmer, knowing that anger would just scare Audrey. He put a hand on the Angel’s shoulder.

“Thank you for telling us kid, that was very brave. And my ang…husband is right, there is no way it was your fault, sometimes people are just dicks.” Crowley said. Aziraphale did not correct his language, he was both angry enough to agree and too excited at being addressed as Crowley’s husband.

Audrey shrugged, not believing them but not wanting to explain what a bad kid she was to the same men she was relying on for shelter.

“How long ago was this?” Crowley asked, knowing that for kids a long time could mean anything from a few days to months.

Audrey shrugged again, not entirely sure.

“I think three weeks, but I don’t know. It was before they put up the Christmas lights.” She offered. Crowley and Aziraphale shared a look, knowing that meant she’d been on her own at least a month. Aziraphale took a deep breath.

“Well dear, I’m terribly sorry it took so long, but I am remarkably glad you found us.”

Chapter 4

Aziraphale went downstairs to have a sternly worded chat with the doors and windows about people who were specifically not allowed in the shop. He also put a note on the door explaining that the shop was closed for renovation.

Meanwhile, Crowley began to wash the dishes from breakfast.

“I can do that.” Audrey offered quickly, hoping she wouldn’t be called ungrateful for not offering to do it before Crowley started.

“You can help dry if you want.” Crowley said, offering her the towel.

“Are you sure? I can wash them too.” She said nervously.

“It’s fine kid, I got it.” He said.

Audrey hesitantly took the towel and did as she was asked, being very careful not to drop anything.

“So kid, tell me about you.” Crowley said figuring that with the hard conversation out of the way this should be easy. He was wrong.

Audrey shrugged, not sure what to say. Crowley wracked his brain; sure he’d never met a kid this quiet. He decided on a new approach.

“Want to play a game?” He asked her.

“Right now?” Audrey asked, perking up a bit.

“Yup, it’s called two truths and a lie.” Crowley said, pleased with himself.

“How do you play?”

“We each say three things, two true and one lie, the other person tries to guess which one isn’t true.” Crowley explained. Audrey looked a bit suspicious but she wanted to play.

“You go first.” She said after a moment of consideration. Crowley nodded.

“Ok, one: I hate snakes, two: I know all the constellations, three: I can speak Chinese.” Crowley said, stumbling a bit as he realized he’d accidentally put himself on the spot.

Audrey bit her lip, looking at him carefully for a minute and noticing the tattoo on his temple.

“You don’t hate snakes,” she said, proud of herself. Crowley smiled brightly.

“Very observant kid. That makes it your turn,” He told her.

Audrey thought for a minute, not sure what she was willing to reveal.

“One: I’m six years old, Two: I can whistle really loud, Three: my favorite color is purple.” She said, watching him to see if she’d tricked him.

Crowley put on his best thinking face, looking her up and down to show she’d really stumped him. She giggled quietly.

“Hmmm, I bet you can’t whistle that loud.” Crowley said finally. Audrey giggled again.

“I can too, watch!” She said, putting down the pot she was drying and hooking her fingers into her mouth, letting out her best wolf whistle, before interrupting herself with a fit of giggles. Aziraphale heard the whistle and quickly headed upstairs, assuming something was wrong. Audrey, hearing the footsteps and realizing how loud she’d been, slapped her hands over her mouth.

“Sorry, sorry” She said, back to the very quiet voice. Crowley, resisting the urge to find and personally smite the girl’s father, let himself laugh instead.

“It’s fine kid, you were right that’s quite the whistle.” He praised her, which got her to relax a bit.

“What happened? I heard whistling?” Aziraphale said, walking back into the kitchen utterly confused.

“Audrey and I were playing two truths and a lie, turns out she can indeed whistle really loud.” Crowley explained. Aziraphale chuckled at the explanation, noting how Audrey perked up a bit.

“So kid, if that wasn’t the lie what was it?” Crowley asked.

“I’m eight years old,” Audrey said, emphasizing the difference. Crowley opened his mouth, making himself look as surprised as possible.

“Of course! How could I have missed that!” He said, glancing at Aziraphale. Both were genuinely surprised to hear the girl’s age, fairly certain she should be a good deal bigger.

A few more rounds of two truths and a lie revealed that Audrey liked dogs, could stand on her head, hated broccoli, and knew how to cook an impressive (and concerning) number of meals.

She’d also learned that both men spoke languages she hadn’t heard of, Crowley knew a lot about space, and neither of them would give her an exact age but both were, as they put it, very very old.

With all the dishes clean they ended up in the living room, watching Mulan, which was one of Crowley’s favorites, not that he’d ever admit it.

By the middle of the movie Audrey was feeling decidedly uncomfortable. She had been eating nearly nothing for the past few weeks, and her stomach was not terribly happy with suddenly having a full breakfast. She curled into herself on the couch, trying to will the cramps away. Crowley tried to rub her back but she squirmed away, not wanting him to find out she wasn’t feeling well.

By the end of the movie she was positively miserable and she really just wanted to go hide and lay down. Unfortunately Crowley and Aziraphale both assumed she’d just returned to her nervous quietness and they were determined to help get her out of her shell.

“Wanna help us make lunch kid? I’m thinking pasta,” Crowley asked, already headed to the kitchen. Audrey desperately wanted to tell him no, but she knew that no one really cared if she wanted to help, they were just letting her know what was expected. She nodded shakily and followed Crowley and Aziraphale to the kitchen, slightly hunched over.

Crowley had her stir tomato sauce and add all sorts of ingredients to it. She did as she was asked, not paying much attention. Crowley and Aziraphale were concerned by how quiet she was and how uncomfortable she seemed, but neither of them wanted to spook her by pushing for answers.

Once Crowley deemed the pasta sauce ready she moved away from the stove hovering by the door to the kitchen. She tried to gather enough courage to ask permission to leave, and after a few minutes her body made the decision for her. She was hit by a cramp so intense she had to bite her tongue to keep from crying out.

“I, um I’ll be right back,” she said frantically, running out of the room, determined to find a safe place to hide until her body sorted itself out.

###

“Should we go after her dear?” Aziraphale asked Crowley, clearly concerned.

“Let’s give it a minute, she might just need the toilet.” Crowley said; doing his best not to sound worried.

###

Audrey went back to the guest room, and curled up under the bed. At this point she was pretty sure what her body needed to do, but she didn’t want to get in trouble for messing up their bathroom and she was hoping it would just go away.

Unfortunately her stomach had other ideas. When she felt something beginning to push it’s way out she tried to cut her losses and run for the bathroom, but it was too late. Her abused body decided it had waited long enough and she found herself trapped still halfway under the bed, pushing everything out into her new pajama pants. She whimpered, trying and failing to stop it. Soon her bladder cut out as well, leaving her sitting in a puddle and utterly terrified. Unsure where to even begin cleaning this up Audrey decided to hide from it instead, crawling as far under the bed as she could.

Thankfully, Crowley was once again plagued by the feeling of human fear, which alerted him to the fact that all was not quite right.

“Now, we go after her,” he told Aziraphale, already headed out of the kitchen. Finding the girl’s bedroom door closed he knocked lightly, giving her the chance to answer.

“Audrey, kid, you ok? Do you want to come have some lunch?” he called.

“No thank you, I’m not hungry” She replied tearfully, trying to shoo them away. However, the teary, fearful voice did nothing but confirm Crowley’s suspicions.

“Audrey, what’s wrong? Can we come in?” He tried again.

“I’m fine, everything’s fine I promise,” she replied desperately.

“Dear girl, you do not sound fine, we’re just going to come in and check up, and then if you want to be left alone you can be.” Aziraphale called, pushing past Crowley to open the door. He was not going to leave the child in pain because she was too afraid to tell them what was wrong. As they walked in both quickly noticed a few things out of place. Crowley pointed to his nose, commenting on the rather distinct smell without saying anything to upset the girl, and Aziraphale looked around the room, trying to find the missing girl.

“Audrey, child where are you?” he called out gently.

“Please just go away,” she begged, not stopping to think that talking would let them know exactly where she was.

Crowley knelt by the bed, noticing the puddle as he did so.

“Kid its ok, it was an accident.” He said, peering in at the terrified girl curled up under the bed.

“I’ll clean it up, I promise, I didn’t mean too!” She pleaded.

“Dear girl we know you didn’t mean to, that is generally what the word accident refers to,” Aziraphale said, kneeling next to Crowley.

“We can clean it up kid its fine, its not a big deal,” Crowley reiterated. “Now why don’t you come out of there and we’ll get you into some clean clothes.” He said offering her a hand. Audrey shook her head violently.

“No! I’m gonna get out there and then you’re gonna hit! Please just go away!” She cried

“Dear child I assure you neither of us is going to hurt you, we just want to help you get clean. You do want to get cleaned up don’t you?” Aziraphale said keeping his voice as calming as possible. Once again Audrey found herself trusting him more than she could explain. Hesitantly she nodded.

“Come on then, lets get you sorted,” Aziraphale said, offering her his hand, which she managed to take after a brief moment of hesitation.

“I promise I didn’t mean to, it just all came out.” She tried to explain, feeling very exposed once she was out of her hiding spot. Aziraphale put his hand on her back to steady her.

“Relax kid, it happens, bodies just do what they want sometimes.” Crowley said, doing his best to be reassuring.

“Do you want to clean up by yourself child? Or would you like some help?” Aziraphale asked her, really not wanting to make her deal with this by herself. Audrey hesitated.

“I can do it myself.” She said, trying her best to sound confident.

“He didn’t ask if you could kid, he asked what you wanted. Do you want to do it yourself?” Crowley asked again, seeing through the bravado.

“I don’t want to make you do it, its gonna be gross.” She mumbled, avoiding their eyes.

“Oh child, its hardly of any consequence, its just what bodies do. You do not need to take care of it yourself for our benefit.” Aziraphale said, continuing to rub her back. Audrey looked down at herself. She still wasn’t sure about asking them for help, but she also had no idea how to take care of this herself and she was pretty sure making a bigger mess would get her in trouble. Finally she decided that the white haired man had been nice to her the night before and maybe he would be again.

“Will you help me?” She asked him, her voice just barely audible. Aziraphale nodded.

“Of course, child, I told you I would,” he said. He carefully picked her up, realizing he was going to make a mess of himself in doing so but far more concerned with getting her calmed down and clean. Audrey froze in his grip having the same realization.

“I can walk, I’m gross, you don’t want to touch me.” She said frantically.

“Its all right child, clothes are easily washed.” He told her gently.

He got her into the bathroom and set her down, starting the water to the tub and Expecting it to be ready by the time she was undressed. He got Audrey undressed and mostly mess free as gently as he could. Repeating that she wasn’t in trouble and that he wasn’t upset since she kept apologizing. Then he got her settled in the tub with a few toys. She hesitantly began to move one of the ducks around and Aziraphale smiled, glad to see she was calming down.

Since he had her in the tub he decided to wash her hair, which desperately needed it. He did his best to detangle it without hurting her, before gently massaging her head as he rinsed it. She was unsure at first but soon she leaned into his touch, finally letting herself relax. Once she was fully calm he got her the rest of the way clean and dressed in the clothes Crowley had brought in; Soft black pants, a red shirt, and black fuzzy socks, he could practically hear the demon declaring ‘no more tartan’.

Crowley had also gotten Audrey’s room cleaned up and lunch ready, all while trying not to be offended she’d chosen Aziraphale over him.

Aziraphale sent Audrey to the kitchen while he went to change his own shirt. She stopped in the doorway eyeing Crowley nervously.

“Feel better kid?” He asked her softly.

She nodded hesitantly.

“I’m glad to hear it. Lets get you some lunch then.” He said gesturing for her to come sit down.

