Accidents Happen

Author: 1p21jw

*000*2019-05-04 23:41

I don't write often enough but here's a small omo fic I've been writing involving Marty McFly and a teenage Doc Brown, I hope to add more to this, please let me know what you think!

Emmett scribbled away at the small notepad in front of him, having filled out nearly half the entire thing. Marty had then walked in a with a pitcher of water, glancing over at the focused redhead before stopping to pour the water into Emmett's empty cup.

“Jeez, Emmett, you’ve been really cracking down on those notes. Maybe it's time to take a break?”

Emmett fidgeted in his chair, one leg tightly crossed over the other. Marty took note of his friend making short glances at his cup as soon as Marty finished pouring.

“I can't. I-I can’t take a break, I’m almost done.” It sounded as if Emmett was holding back a whimper in his words, to which Marty gave a slight grin. The brunet picked up Emmett’s glass and took a drink, taking several big gulps before placing it right back down onto the table. Marty then began pouring more water into the glass, causing Emmett to shiver and shudder softly to himself.

“What’s wrong, Emmett?”

The redheaded teen didn’t speak, he could only manage a small whimper as his handwriting became rushed, he had to pee now but his notes were much more important. Emmett did his best to finish them, but he could not hold on any longer.

Marty watched on as Emmett hurriedly pushed his chair back so he get up, however as soon as he stood up onto his feet, it was already too late as he had let go. Emmett shook and hid his now flushed face, as it ran down his pant legs and onto the floor, resulting in a small puddle beneath him.

“Oh no!” Marty chuckled. Meanwhile Poor Emmett was sniffling and shaking, obviously humiliated that he'd gone and wet himself in front of his own friend.

Soon Marty grabbed a couple of towels, helping Emmett out of his now soiled clothes, and into the bathroom to help him clean off. The redhead kept quiet as he stood in the bathtub, still sniffling every now and then as Marty gingerly wiped down Emmett's legs, comforting the distraught scientist.

“It happens sometimes, Emmett. Don’t be embarrassed... I actually kinda found it cute.”

