No place to pee

Author: 123456790

*000*2018-03-20 19:55

@@The train had come to a complete halt. There had been an accident up ahead, and all the trains were delayed. Every few minutes, the train would start moving, ever so slowly, only to come to a stop. Adam looked out the window restlessly, and shifted in his seat, trying to accommodate his full bladder. He has been needing to go for a few hours now, and was getting very uncomfortable. Adam spent the night bar hopping with his mates, and was now on the last train home. He's had quite a few drinks, and his bladder was paying for it. At the end of his night out, he had stopped by the men's room, but found that there was a line for the urinals. Adam had a shy bladder, so decided to wait until he got on the train and pee there. Shortly after boarding the train, he tried to go into the restroom, but found that it was locked. When he came back a few minutes later, he found that it was still locked, to his disappointment. He had walked up and down the train, looking for an open restroom, but they were all locked too.

Adam's needed to pee very desperately, and there was nothing he could do about it. Luckily, he was alone in the train carriage, so he could squirm and tug at his penis as much as he needed. The train was delayed indefinitely, and there was no open restroom on board. He could get off at the next stop, but at this pace, it was unlikely he could keep his pee in long enough for the train to finally get there. His belt was digging savagely into his bloated bladder, making the desperation even worse. It made no sense for a train to have no facilities! He needed to pee soon, or he would simply burst.

He had forgotten to charge his phone earlier that day, so he had little to distract himself with. He could not even check how close the next stop was via GPS. He figured he'd have to tough it out and hold it until the nearest stop, where he could get out and relieve himself. Even a quiet side street seemed like a good alternative for a urinal to poor Adam. He checked his watch. He's been on the train for an hour and a half, dying for a pee the whole time. Surely, there was a train station nearby. He gave his penis a quick squeeze, which was almost of no help at this point. To his horror, a short spurt burst from his bladder and settled in his briefs, causing an involuntary gasp. The feeling of the wet fabric against the tip of his penis almost made Adam completely lose control, but he managed to stop the spurting.

@@In what seemed like hours, but was only ten minutes, the train stopped at a station. Adam stood up to get off the train. Standing up jolted his bladder, and he spurt uncontrollably for several seconds. By this point, his briefs were drenched, and his jeans had a tennis-ball sized wet patch. Adam turned beet red. He was going to pee his pants then and there, like some kid. He managed to get off the train with minimal leaks. He hurried to the train station restroom, which was closed this late at night, to Adam's utter frustration. He knew he had no more than a minute to find a place to pee, or he would completely pee his pants. He hurried around the corner, and made sure he was alone. He was peeing full-force before he even managed to unbuckle his belt. By the time he had unzipped his jeans with fumbling fingers, and pulled out his spurting cock, his jeans were soaked at the crotch and down both legs. Once he got his penis out, his stream exploded with even more force, and he peed noisily at a wall. The relief was enormous. There was only one problem, Adam had missed the last train home and was stuck waiting for the morning train with wet pants on.

