The torment of a Blight

Author: Guest Dest

*000*2022-03-24 04:26

Amity Blight has a shy bladder. Extremely shy, some would say. Well, if anyone else knew that, of course. She always did her best so no one would notice.

Of course, living with Ed and Em, it was difficult to hide some secrets, which, in this case, wasn’t such a bad thing. Whenever they noticed Amity was in a tough situation because of her… issue, they tried their best to help - in their own way. Sometimes, when their parents called some friends to a long meeting in the Blight manor, the twins would notice their sister shaking, with her face paler than usual, trying to discreetly wipe the drops of sweat that wouldn’t stop forming in her forehead. And they would immediately understand the situation.

That was when the twins would get into action with what they liked to call “the Mittens rescue mission” - although said mission had nothing to do with a rescue, but come on, the name was cool. The idea was simple; distract everyone in the room, so no one would notice Amity getting out of there. Usually, they would start telling some fun story about school in their exaggerated way that always made people around stop to listen - oh, how Amity envied this charm they have, although she was very grateful for that in those moments.

So, she would discreetly look at everyone in the room, and when she was sure absolutely no one was paying attention to her, the young witch would slowly - too slow for her bladder’s liking - walk towards the bathroom, lock the door, turn the knob at least three times to be completely sure it was really locked, and finally, finally release the agonizing tension that all that liquid consumption had caused inside of her.

Amity would never be able to express to her siblings how thankful she was for that help. Well, in fact, she would never be able to thank them at all, because just the thought of talking to anyone about her shyness was enough for her to feel extremely embarrassed. They didn’t seem to care about that, though. They never even talked about that after those meetings - which also made Amity feel very grateful.

But being honest, Ed and Em had no idea how bad the youngest Blight’s shyness really was. They couldn’t know it was bad enough to make her wait everyday when she was at school - even if she had extra classes till the early evening. Or to make her need to get back to the hotel room earlier multiple times during their family trips - the twins always thought she just didn’t like traveling - sit in the toilet and wait, sometimes for more than ten minutes, because being in a toilet that wasn’t from her house, even if there was no one around to listen to her or to know what she was doing, was enough to make her bladder shut down completely. Or bad enough to, sometimes, force her to end her dates with her girlfriend sooner than they planned - and Titan, she couldn’t know what was the worst; the tormenting storm that was happening in her abdomen, or seeing that sad look in Luz’s eyes when the witch told her she had to go home earlier.

But we will still get there. After all, everything started seven years before Amity met Luz.

