Gabe holds his pee

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-06-22 18:48

....,.................................................................................

Part 1: Exposition

It was the middle of midterm week at X University. Gabe was a second year pre-med major. He excelled in his studies, but also always had time for his friends, and for himself. He was short, stocky, and muscular. He had light brown hair, green eyes, and a kind smile, although he was not conventionally thought of as attractive. Gabe found that regular and intense exercize improved his memory and mental agility, so even during midterms week, he found time to lift weights.

Gabe finished his chemistry test on Wednesday morning and headed to the gym, as he had 2 hours before his next exam. He brought his gym bag along, and in it he had a half-gallon water bottle. Hydration was very important for exercize efficiency. He first ran a quick mile on the track, and then headed to the weight room. He warmed up all his muscles gradually, while drinking generously from his water bottle. He was starting to sweat quite a bit

In the middle of his exercize routine, he went for a casual bathroom break. As he stood at the urinal, though, his urge mounted severely, and he ended up peeing quite a strong stream for a while. Relieved, he went back to finish lifting weights, all while hydrating continuosly. Lifting weights made him less nervous about the upcoming exam. After all he was ready, and focusing on his body gave his mind a distration.

As he ended his exercizes, he felt a distration from his body though. He needed a rather urgent pee, in a relatively short time. Not thinking much of it, he relieved himself again, and took a shower. To his frustration, he needed another pee when he was done showering. Slightly worried at the frequency of his urges, he got dressed, and mixed his usual post-workout protein shake. He had 15 minutes to get to the other side of campus for his exam. He walked briskly while downing his shake.

....................................................................................

Part 2: Starting the test

Gabe made it to the lecture hall with a few minutes to spare. In that time, he used the bathroom again. He did not need to go that bad, but again his stream was surprisingly strong against the urinal, considering he had previously urinated at the gym.

Gabe grabbed a test booklet, sat down, took out his pencil, and waited for the exam to start. The anatomy exam was about body systems. When the professor told everyone to start, Gabe opened his book, and focused on answering he questions.

Half an hour passed in total silence, interrupted by the shuffling of papers. Gabe was very focused, so he did not notice that he was absebtmindedly shifting in his seat and shuffling his feet.

....................................................................................

Part 3: Gabe realizes his need

A little while later, about 35 minutes into a two hour test, Gabe was hit by an urge to pee. Gabe exhaled sharply, feeling an unpleasant twinge from his bladder. He shifted again in his seat, and leaned forward slightly. He could feel a tingling urge at the tip of his penis. Bathroom breaks were forbidden during exams, unfortunately, lest someone decided to cheat.

Gabe kept working on the test. He was answering questions about the cardiovascular system. His pulse increased slightly, in response to anxiety about not being allowed to pee. His urge was growing fast. There was a constant tension in his bladder, and a sharp urge at the tip of his penis. Gabe sighed and tried to slow down his breathing, hoping to calm down. Anxiety made the urge even worse. There was an hour and twenty minutes left of the test.

..................................................................................

Part 4: Urgency

The next 20 minutes passed without incident. Gabe was able to keep focusing on the test. Halfway through the test, however, a shiver of desperation passed through his body. He inhaled sharply as he felt his penis twitch slightly in his briefs in response to a wave of pressure from his bladder. As he shifted in his seat, his belt dug deeper into his bladder, causing his penis to twitch again. His bladder was getting hard. His body was tense, and his penis stiffened slightly due to his urgent need to urinate. Gabe crossed his ankles, and sat forward in his seat. There was one hour left of the test.

.................................................................................

Part 5: Desperation

Maybe if he finished up quickly, he could have his relief? Gabe tried to work through the questions quickly, but it was hard because he could barely focus. He had to reread questions multiple times, as the now immense urge to pee kept interrupting his thoughts.

He was done with the multiple choice part, and moved on to the short answer questions. His penis was now completely hard, and was pressing against his pants. The discomfort of having an erection was added to his discomfort at the overwhelming need to pee.

He was starting to go out of his mind with desperation. He was holding back so much pee! His bladder was hard to the touch, and was starting to spasm. He really really needed a urinal! At that thought, he bent double in his chair, and even went so far as to grab his penis briefly.

Still, he had to finish his test. Focusing as best he could, he made it through twenty more minutes. There were 35 minutes left of the test.

..................................................................................

Part 6: The test

In the next 10 minutes, Gabe squirmed contantly in his seat, crossed his legs, bounced his knees, loosened his belt, and grabbed his desperate penis.

He managed to get through the short answer part, and made it to the essay question: "describe the how the kidneys restore the sodium potassium balance in the blood, and eliminate toxins from the body."

Gabe had to grab his penis desperately just from reading the question. The question was basically asking how the kidneys filter blood and excrete waste through urine. All Gabe wanted to do was pee! And now he had to sit in this chair, hold all the pee in his bursting bladder, and write about kidney function.

To be continued

*002*2017-06-23 03:56

{{8 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

I will be holding my … breath … waiting for the outcome of this!

}}

It's coming soon. Next time I feel an inspiration. I have several possibilities in mind...

*003*2017-06-24 06:22

Part 7: Can Gabe hold it in?

Four short spurts wet Gabe's briefs the second he surrendered his desperate penis to write the essay question on the test. He clenched up and crossed his legs. He sat slightly sideways in his seat. Spurt. Dribble dribble. Gabes gasped in horror. His briefs were soaked, and there was a small wet circle in the front of his pants. He took hold of his penis again with one hand and tried to squeeze the tip shut, but he kept leaking drops of pee. The front of his pants had a tennis-ball sized pee stain.

Gabe was red in the face. His entire body was tense. His bladder was throbbing painfully, begging for relief. His muscles were already tired from weight lifting, which was not helping his current situation. His facial expression was of pure panic.

There were 20 minutes left of the test

*004*2017-06-26 18:51

Part 8: Finale

Sorry to leave you hanging with th finale, but here it is.

Gabe's breathing was fast and shallow. His briefs were soaked through to his pants, and there was a significant wet patch on his crotch. He could easily cover that with his book bag though. The wet fabric was almost unbearable. His baldder was completely hard, and pulsing with the urge to release its overflowing contents. His entire body was tense, andbthe urge in his penis was ovetwhelming.

Gabe grasped his penis with his right hand, while holding his pen in his left hand. He had 20 minutes to finish the essay question about kidney function. Gabe wanted to go on to medical school, so he needed the best grades possible. Even though he wanted to pee more than anything, Gabe focused on his test.

He wrote about how the kidneys balance the sodium and potassium concentration in the blood, and filter out the excess water via the urinary pathway. He wanted to urinate so badly, but luckily, he could keep back the spurting for now...

Gabe was done with his test with ten minutes left of the test. He put down his pen, and flipped through the pages, checking his answsers. He had never in his whole life had to urinate this urgently.

Miraculously, he kept his pee locked in his bladder for the remainder of the test. When it was all over, he ran awkwardly to the mens room, bent over and holding his cock.

He had made it! He was in front of a urinal. He hurriedly pulled out his penis and... nothing. He aimed at the urinal and tried to pee, but was unable to relax his cramped muscles. It was very painful for poor Gabe. Slowly, drops of pee started to dribble out. He stood at the urinal, leaking for about a minute. And then the dam broke. His penis released a torrent of hot piss into the urinal from his overfull bladder. He involintarily moaned in relief, continuing to pee for about two minutes. The relief was unbelivable.

