Sub handcuffed to a chair and made to hold it

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-04-02 01:40

Gavin was sitting in a chair, hands handcuffed behind him. He was wearing tight black briefs that outlined his cock very well. His partner, Ella, liked to do this with him.

Ella was wearing black lingerine. She had a tall glass of water. She made Gavin drink every last drop, even though he had to pee so bad his bladder was hard. Gavin gulped the water obediently, squirming slightly due to the sharp pangs in his bladder. Ella has not permitted Gavin to pee since the morning, and it was not late afternoon.

"Sweety, your bladder is about to burst! We don't want you to overflow just yet, so I'll allow you to pee several spurts into a shot glass"

Bringing over a shot glass, she took out his penis for him, and held the tip to the glass. Immediately, his penis released several forceful squirts. Before he could pee any more, she took away the glass, abd tucked him back into his briefs.

To his horror, she brought over a leather belt, and slowly pulled it tight around his rock hard bladder. His penis was trembling in his briefs due to the increased pressure from his bladder. Then she turned on the sounds of a waterfall on his laptop. Gavin was about to wet his pants.

This continued for 15 minutes. Gavin was frantic for a pee. Seeing his conidition, Eva took off the belt. It hardly helped Gavin's predicament. He was slowly dripping urine onto the chair, unable to stop himself. His face was red, and his breathing shallow.

"You've done a great job for me, sweetie. I'll let you go pee now."

He hurried to the bathroom, and she followed him in. She lovingly took out his busrting penis and aimed him into the bowl. Finally, she allowed his to pee. The relief felt ecstatic. He peed for so long.

What he was unaware of however, was that Ella was peeing her lingerine behind him. She had been just as desperate as he was when she controlled him, and the sight of him peeing overwhelmed her control.

After, they both took a fun shower together.

