Brothers desperate to pee

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-03-28 10:04

I find that writing these is a fun outlet for me. Hope you all like them.

The boys were on a road trip cross country with their dad. Al was 4 and Steve was 6. They were going to visit their grandma in New York. The boys were bored. All they did was sit in the car all day. They had stopped for pizza just over an hour ago, where their father made sure they used the restroom.

Al was alseep and Steve was staring absentmindedly out the window. He was sipping on his third juicebox from the snack basket in the back. If he were a bit older, he would have noticed his moderate need to pee, but since he was only 6, he would only realize he had to go when he could no longer ignore it.

Another hour passed in boredom. Then, the car stopped. Al woke up. He had a dream that he was peeing on a tree, but no matter how much he peed, he still needed to go... It was now two hours since the little boy had peed. He drank quite a bit of coke for lunch, and needed to go.

"Daddy, I need to pee!" Exclaimed Al

"sorry bud, you'll need to wait. We're stuck in traffic and there are no nearby exits", replied Daryl.

Steve sat quietly. He too needed to pee. "I can hold it" he thought, shifting in his seat.

30 minutes passed, and traffic was moving very slowly. Al was whining. He sat there on the edge of his seat, legs crossed, gripping his penis tight. Steve was in a bad state also. He held himself through the pocket of his shorts.

Finally, Daryl saw a sign for a gas station. He quickly parked and ushered the boys into the station. There a one person restroom only. It was occupied. Al was close to crying. Steve was bent double, holding his penis.

The restroom opened up, and Daryl took the boys in. Al hurried to the toilet first. Leaving Steve standing there, bursting to pee. Al pulled down his jeans and undies, aimed, and peed a hard stream into the bowl. That was it for poor Steve... Hearing his brother's desperate stream, Steve started peeing his pants. Hard. He tried to stop and hold it in, but he could not. So he gave into the relief, knowing he had spare clothes in the car.

