Ski desperation

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-08-29 15:15

Lloyd was spending a nice, sunny weekend day up on the slopes, skiing. Lloyd was a a freshman in college, and he had joined the campus outdoor enthusiasts club, hoping to make friends. He was really shy, and quite nervous, so he ended up skiing alone. It was a beautiful day out in the early spring. The snow was tightly packed and slick, from melting partially and refreezing in the night. This kind of snow was ideal for a speed. The hard surface, however, made it difficult to stop and was quite painful to fall on. Lloyd was an intermediate skier, but was getting better every day, and could handle himself quite well. He had only learned to ski in the second half of high school. He enjoyed in immensely, and had gotten new gear the previous Christmas. He had khaki ski pants, and dark purple coat. He was also wearing orange goggles, and a red ski helmet.

The terrain ranged from forest trails, to jumps and a half pipe, with everything in between. There were routes for all difficulty levels. Lloyd skied all morning, while listening to his ipod, and taking frequent sips from his camelback water pouch. He spent the better part to the morning at the terrain park, and worked up quite a sweat. He made sure to stay well hydrated.

When it was time for lunch, Lloyd felt a small twinge from his bladder. He skied down, took off his skis, and headed inside for a bite to eat. He passed by the only available men's room, and saw a line. He didn't want to wait, nor did he have to pee that bad. Truth be told, he was unlikley to get a stream going with that many people around anyway, as he was pee shy. He ate a mediocre lunch at the below average restaurant, washing the greasy food down with a large coke.

He was excited to try out the yet unexplored trails, so he headed back to the slopes, bladder forgotten. He only had three more hours to ski before he needed to board the bus back, so he wanted to make the most of them. An hour or so went by uneventfully, except for the sudden change in weather. Gray clouds covered the ski, and the wind was picking up.

It had gotten colder. Lloyd was dressed for warmer ski weather, so he felt a bit cold. The cold also reminded him of his need to urinate. He had neglected to put on thermal pants, under his ski pants, and he only had one upper layer as well under his jacket. He already had to go quite bad, having neglected to take a bathroom break at lunch, but the cold was making it a real emergency. As Lloyd skied down the trail, he could feel the cold wind everywhere on his body, including his penis and lower abdomen. He decided to do one more run, then go for a pee in the hopefully less crowded mens room.

Lloyd got on the ski lift, and squirmed. Sitting still made it obvious that he should not have delayed his toilet break any longer. There was nothing he could do now, except wait for the ski lift to reach the top, then ski down. Lloyd had the whole ski chair to himself, so no one saw his urgent squirming. His penis, made smaller by the cold, was starting to strain and quiver in his briefs from the immense need to urinate. Lloyd tried to grab his cock, but the thickness of his gloves and ski pants made it impossible to do so. Nor could he cross his legs. He had to contend with rocking back and forth. The ski lift was going more slowly than usual. It felt like he had been on it for 10 minutes, but it wasn't even halfway up the mountain. Lloyd groaned in frustration.

Suddenly, the ski lift jolted to a stop. The sudden impact was too much for Lloyd's bladder, and a spurt of piss came out. Lloyd panicked and tried to awkwardly grab himself,but with no success. He was starting to urinate in his underwear! He managed to stop himself, but just barely. His penis felt like it was about to explode, and spray out all the piss from his bladder. His bladder was maximally full and hard. Lloyd's ski pants were cutting into it. He sighed painfully.

@@The ski lift was not moving. Lloyd squirmed, breathing fast, rocking his hips. For the next hour, the lift stayed disappointingly still. Lloyd tried so hard to hold it all in, but he let out a few more spurts, involuntarily. Each successive spurt was bigger than the last, and harder to stop. Eventually, Lloyd's control began to fade. He had managed to stop yet another spurt. But it was so cold, and he had to pee so so bad. His penis would not stay still in his underwear. It kept twitching. Lloyd took off one glove and held himself for a little while. It was helping immensely, but it was too cold, and he put the glove back on. The moment he let go of his penis, a huge spurt came out. This time, he could not stop it, but only reduce the flow to a thin stream. Lloyd's tortured bladder was leaking slowly into his pants, and all he could do was prevent it from becoming a full on flood. The base of his penis hurt, and the pressure at the ti[ was unbearable. Lloyd was so absorbed in desperation, that he forgot where he was. All he could do was try to avoid completely peeing himself.

Suddenly, the ski lift lurched to a start. This sudden shock took Lloyd's bladder by surprise. Before he knew it, his poor, tortured penis went off like a firehose into his ski pants, emptying his bladder completely. He tried to stop, but could not. He kept peeing and peeing and peeing (like I wish I were doing as I write this). His stream stopped when the ski lift reached the top. The relief was indescribable.

Lloyd awkwardly skied down, and changed into dry clothes.

