Traffic accident

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-04-03 23:32

Work was almost done. 10 more minutes and he could go home! J hated his job, but really needed the money... He worked on the production line at a cheese factory, in the next town over. Round trip, his commute averaged 2-3 hours both ways.

J has had to take a piss for a long while now, but wanting to get out of there, he passed by the men's room and went to his car. Now that he was no longer distracted by work, he realized he had to pee worse than he imagined. .. He was already out the door though, so he got in his car and drove off.

Traffic was pretty bad during rush hour, and it was slow going. J wasn't worried though, he has held a lot more than this no problem. Half an hour later, J's bravado about his bladder situation was decreasing and his desperation was growing. His belt pressed into the overfull bladder unpleasantly. There was a sharp urge at his tip. J gave himself a quick squeeze, but stubbornly drove on, wanting to get home faster.

Passing that last rest area was a big mistake, J realized, when traffic came to a dead halt five minutes later. Law enforcement and an ambulance snaked their way to an accident up ahead. J bounced impatiently in his seat. Normally, it would take just 20 more minutes to get home...

An hour has passed, and traffic has inly moved very slightly. J was busting. His bladder was a hard bulge in his lower abdomen. His left hand was jammed in his crotch, squeezing his tortured cock. He had just cleaned the car, so there were no empty bottles or cans for him to pee in. What was he going to do?

Suddenly, a big squirt wet his briefs, so much so that it showed on his pants. His hand was dripping wet. He bounced relentlessly in his chair, losing several more spurts. His crotch was wet and glistening. Urine was starting to drip onto the seat. He was slowly peeing himself. Somehow, he managed to stop, but his pants were now very wet.

He suffered for another 10 minutes, leaking profusely. Then suddenly, it was like someone turned on a tap and left it on. A loud hissing and splattering filled the car, as his bladder forcefully released all that pent up pee into his pants. Sagging in relief, he drove the rest of the way home, where he still had a fair amount of urine that he pissed out into the toilet.

