Dream levels

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-03-29 01:32

1. Wes is a 9 yo boy. Wes was dreaming. In his dream, he was at school. There was an hour until the bell, and he had already been denied a bathroom pass. Wes squirms around in his seat. He has to pee really bad. He had 2 chocolate milks and a water bottle during lunch. All that fluid was now stretching his bladder. The urge in his penis is sharp. During the last 20 mins, he held himself under the desk. Finally the bell rang, and Wes rushed to a urinal in the boy's room. He took his penis and aimed, but nothing came out.

His bladder pulsed, waking him. He was in bed, holding his penis in his sleep. He hurriedly went to the toilet, and peed. But something strange was happening... the more he peed, the more he had to go!

His penis was twitching as his bladder pulsed again, violently. Poor Wes woke up in the car, on his way home from vacation. Beside himself with desperation, he begs his dad to stop somewhere. The poor boy has his legs crossed, penis grasped tight in his hand. He is shivering with the need to urinate. Finally, there is a rest area. When the car stopped, Wes ran to the men's room, clutching himself desperately. He made it to a urinal, surpsingly still dry. He struggled with his belt and zipper. He couldn't unzip! It was stuck. His dad walked in to the rest room, and Wes asked for help. Finally, his zipper got free. He rushed back to the urinal, took out his penis and aimed. This time, he peed for real, and it was so satisfying.

