Floods at Clermont Academy

Author: 4evaconfuzzled

*000*2016-10-26 21:06

Hey guys! This will be my first work of fiction on this site. This story is a light-hearted, school-life, rom-com, omorashi mash-up revolving around the lives of 6 students who attend Clermont Academy. All these students have one thing in common, whether they know it from the start, or not, and I'm sure you can all guess what it is! It's partially based off of omorashi Sims 3 and 4 playthroughs and experiences with my friends or at least what I secretly wish would happen. I'll try to update it weekly, and if not weekly then bi-weekly. Well I'm done rambling now, so kick back, relax, and enjoy the pee!

~Floods at Clermont Academy~

It was a sweltering sunny August day, a clear sign that the season of summer was not yet over, but the bustling coach bus filled with teenage hormones approaching the sign that read ‘Welcome to Clermont Academy!’ was an even clearer sign that the vacation had definitely come and gone. Clermont was many things to many people, to some it was prison, to others paradise, but one thing that it was to everyone was home. Clermont was one of the most prestigious boarding schools in the entire country, and with the twice monthly expectation meetings they obviously didn’t want the students to forget that.

‘We have a reputation to uphold! A standard to set! A record to break! And it is your job to do that!’

Sarai groaned as she imagined the speech she would surely hear at noon today.

At last the bus came to a screeching halt at the drop off and the doors opened to release the banshees it held.

‘Freshmen’ she sighed.

As Sarai hopped off the bus and grabbed her bags from the luggage compartment she gave the building looming overhead a cocky look.

“Guess what you old fart! This is my last year! This time next year, I’ll be a free woman!”

Sarai’s rant to architecture was interrupted by a yelp and a thud.

“Ow! Sorry! Guess I shoulda took off my head phones! And eye mask…”

Sure enough a rather short young lady was dusting herself off before her with a purple eye mask buried in a mess of wavy brown locks at the top of her head as matching purple head phones hung around her neck.

“Oh it’s no problem! I guess I shouldn’t stand in the middle of the walkway either”

‘While yelling at buildings’ she silently added.

“Cool! Well I’ll see you at orientation!” and the strange girl ran off, quickly disappearing into a sea of black and white uniforms.

Sarai stared at her in awe. ‘She’s fast’ she thought, ‘But strange, who wears eye masks while running?’ She shrugged and continued her trek towards the main building.

“Now students, as you know, each year you are separated into different dormitories based on your houses and years, you should already know your dorms if you received your schedule, anyone who has yet to receive their schedule must report to their counselor, everyone else may go to their dorms”

Although Sarai never really partook in the antics of freshmen even she whooped and hollered at the conclusion of Headmistress Donahue’s lengthy orientation speech. Equipped with her schedule, she set off to find her dorm with a smile.

‘Finally! The senior dorms!’

Sarai’s been waiting for a senior dorm since her alumni mother told her about them. They had their own kitchen, a cafeteria, and a rec room. Plus each room had a double bed and flat screen TV. And best off all,

“No roommates!”

Sarai literally pranced all the way to the senior dorms not caring what people thought of it. At last she reached the glass panel doors that said ‘Rose House’ on each of them. She walked in followed by a smattering of fellow seniors and padded to the elevator to see it was already called. With no one there to actually call it, the new senior got a bit scared till she saw a familiar face breeze past carrying two bottles of Sunny D.

“Want one?” the boy asked

“S-Sure” she replied

Oh yeah, she definitely knew this guy she’d remember his black and white hair anyway. She always called him Skunk Boy in her head since she never knew his name, but she meant no ill will, besides she always thought he was cute.

“So how was your summer?”

‘Smooth move Sarai, you don’t even know his name and all of a sudden you want to know about his summer?’

“Cool”

The elevator doors opened and they stepped in

“Mine was too. We went to Disneyworld! My aunt said I’m too old, but I never cared”

“That sounds fun”

A few people got off on the second floor, Sarai and Skunk Boy both sipped their drinks

“Your hair’s really cool! I like white. And black. And hair…..”

‘……Did I really……?’

Skunk Boy chuckled

“Your hair’s cool too, I like purple”

Sarai grabbed her hair instinctively and remembered her colored hair. She was skeptical about purple at first, doubting it would go with her dark skin, but now she appreciated her cousin’s suggestion.

A few people got off on the third floor, Sarai and Skunk boy sipped their drinks

“What’s your room number?”

‘Oh no! I’m getting personal!”

“403”

“Ah! I’m 404!”

“Guess we’re neighbors again then, we sat together last year in Art too”

“Yeah…. I never got your name”

The elevator stopped on the fourth floor and the duo exited

“My name is Sarai Jackson!” she blurted out.

Skunk boy paused at the door to his room and turned around

“Gus” He said simply, and walked in his room

Sarai walked to her own room and slumped against the door

“I gave him my whole government name and he’s just like ‘Gus’!” she imitated

Just then she felt a sharp pain on her foot

“Ouch!”

“Sorry! I shoulda took off my mask!”

‘Wait a second!’

“You’re that girl from earlier aren’t you?”

The girl gave her a once over and nodded

“Yup! I was thinking the same thing; I’d recognized those thighs anywhere!”

Sarai was sure even with her caramel brown skin she was turning red

“Umm….”

The girl took her by the arms and said

“I kid I kid! I’m Vanessa Torres by the way, but you can call me Nessie!”

“Sarai Jackson”

“I’m in room 406, so we’re neighbors! I look forward to our friendship! How about we eat breakfast together in the morning huh? See you there night night!”

And with that Nessie left her in awe once more.

“The chick talks as fast as she runs!”

‘But she does seem like an interesting girl, plus I finally know Skunk Boy’s real name!’ she thought as she entered her room.

It was just as her mother described, double bed, flat screen TV, and to make things better a laptop rested on an ebony desk in the corner of her room. Sarai kicked off her black uniform loafers and back flopped onto her new bed.

“Yep, this year will be interesting alright!”

She sat up and downed the rest of her Sunny D and threw it in the trash bin next to her desk. She walked over to her suitcases and began transferring its contents to their respective places, Uniforms, underwear, and street clothes; posters, books, and magazines; perfumes, lotions, and sprays. After about an hour of this she felt a familiar pressure in her lower abdomen.

‘I kinda have to pee….’

But as she got up she noticed something

“Hey, there’s no bathroom in here…”

‘Come to think of it, mom never even talked about the bathrooms here…..”

She grabbed her phone from its place on the dresser and checked the time

‘9:00’

Figuring her room was as organized as it’d get she set out to find a bathroom.

‘I know I saw one around here….. Aha!’

At the far end of the hallway was a brown wooden door with ‘WC’ written on it in white paint. Sarai tried the door only to find it was locked.

‘Odd’

She turned the knob a bit harder but it still wouldn’t budge. Next she knocked.

“Excuse me, is anyone in here?”

No answer

‘Maybe they’re shy?’

So she waited. She could wait right?

A good seven minutes passed before she realized no one was in there.

She tried the door again, jiggling the knob frantically.

“What’s wrong with this stupid door?!”

As she jiggled the knob she realized her need to pee was greater than she thought, each move sent a wave of desperation through her, each one bigger than the last.

‘Oh no…. This can’t be good…’

She pounded the door again and kicked it for good measure, and then she froze

‘Bad idea!’

The power of the kick sent a spasm through her bladder making her dribble a bit in her panties. Looking around to make sure the coast was clear, she felt around her crotch to assess the damage.

‘Not too bad.’

She could only feel a spot of warmth, but other than that nothing else leaked through. She took the apparent solitude as an opportunity to hold her crotch though; she shoved both hands underneath the black and white plaid material of her uniform skirt and squeezed. She bounced up and down and looked around to see if there was anywhere she could sit. She sighed as the only thing she could possibly sit on was the hard cherry wood floors.

‘And bending like that will definitely make me leak even more…’

She quickly removed her hands from her crotch when she heard footsteps approaching her. The panic that coursed through her sent another spasm to her bladder causing another dribble, this one a bit longer. She tightened her thighs in response.

As the footsteps came closer she recognized the face of the woman they belonged to. Ms. Reginald, a young but strict woman who is one of the dorm monitors.

“Miss Jackson, why are you not in your room?” she questioned

“I need to use the toilet, but the door is locked”

“Didn’t you read your handbook? They just instated a new set of rules! Toilets are only open between 10 PM and 6AM! It’s only…” She paused to look at her watch “9:25”

“Wait what?” The thought of having to wait another 35 minutes sent another spurt to her panties, this time she could feel a tiny drop course down a leg.

“Excuse me ma’am, but-” Another spurt escaped, she was sure her light pink panties were a shade darker around the center.

“No buts! Either wait for the toilets to open in your room!” Ms. Reginald punctuated her statement with a poke to Sarai’s stomach that led to a full blown leak. Not wanting to hold her crotch in front of her, Sarai could only squeeze her thighs tighter which only made it more noticeable as the space between her socks and skirt glistened with her pee.

“Or” the monitor continued “Go to bed and use it before 6. Either way, curfew is 9:00 and you’re considered unauthorized loitering in the hall like this! You don’t want a write up on the first day!”

Sarai was bouncing again; she didn’t think she’d be able to stop the next leak threatening to come out, but it wasn’t like there was anything she could do. Ms. Reginald said the toilets wouldn’t open until 10, but she didn’t know if she could wait half an hour and her room was all the way down the hall…

‘Maybe sleeping would help me hold it! And I could wake up before 6 so I can make it!’

“Alright, sorry Ms. Reginald, I’ll go to my room now”

Ms. Reginald nodded her response and watched as Sarai hobbled off towards her room before heading towards the elevator herself to head to the next floor on her schedule.

Sarai knew that getting dressed with a full bladder would be difficult, but she never imagined it’d feel like a torture method. The school’s uniform policy was very strict, so strict they even had uniform pajamas to prevent provocative clothing from ever being worn. But when one has curves like Sarai, it’s impossible for anything to not look provocative, even the grey sweat pants and white Clermont tee that made up the pajamas. The shirt was no problem, but the pants proved to be a big one.

There she stood in the center of the room in only a tee shirt and wet pink panties, thighs glued together, grey pants in hand, thinking of a way to put on those grey pants without turning them black. She’d already tried doing it quickly, but that resulted in a 4 second long leak that made a tiny spot on the beige carpet of her bedroom. She considered sitting down, but she didn’t want her bed or plush desk chair to have a spot either.

‘Oh! I know!’

Sarai placed her pants down on the floor, and put each her legs into their respective holes, she then took a deep breath and quickly bent down to pull up the grey cotton pants, but this didn't work out as planned. Just as she grabbed the material she felt that familiar warmth again accompanied by a tell-tame hissing. She let out a squeak as she stepped away from her pants and kicked them out the way to keep them dry, all while desperately rubbing her crotch in an attempt to stop the flood,

‘Alright, screw it!’ she thought to herself.

She rummaged through her bags through her dresser to find a Walmart bag occupied by a pack of razors, deodorant and toothpaste. She dumped all the contents haphazardly onto the top her her dresser and wrapped the bag around her still wet panties. She then climbed into her bed and shut her eyes and hoped to dream of deserts, droughts and other dry things, saying them to herself out loud to help fall asleep.

“The Sahara, Mars, Aunt Judith’s cornbread…...”

Eventually it worked and she fell asleep. She didn’t know when exactly it happened, but her next coherent thought was…. Warmth. Wait, that’s not good!

Sarai shot up and heard hissing, and a bag rustling. Sure enough she was in her bed, peeing in her panties and watching it all flow into an empty Walmart bag. She got up, but that only made it worse, and warm pee started gushing out of her and onto the carpet. She reached for her phone and checked the time.

5:45

“Yes!” she exclaimed. She opened the door, not caring how ridiculous she looked. That is, until she saw the long line of at least 20 students all waiting in line for the toilet. Her face fell and she whimpered, backing into her room again. Then, her bladder gave up. Sarai ripped the Walmart off of her waist and slumped against her door, releasing her bladder’s contents onto the carpet. All she heard was the hissing of her pee shooting out of her and the squishy sound of the carpet as she adjusted her butt to get into a better position. Although it was embarrassing for a girl her age to be peeing herself, she couldn’t help but relish in the feeling of warmth as her pee pooled at her crotch and ran down beneath her butt and was absorbed into the carpet. She peed for what seemed like eternity until the last few spurts came out of her, and then sat there even longer, enjoying the warm squishiness of the carpet. Only when her pee started to cool and the room began to smell did she move.

She walked up to the full body mirror to inspect the damage

. There was a wet patch about the size of a baseball on the front, and her butt was completely soaked save for one dry spot way up at the top. She took off her panties and wiped herself with a tissue and put on her grey pajama pants, also grabbing a fresh pair of blue panties and her uniform.

“Well that’s one way to start your senior year, peeing your panties on your dorm room floor,” Sarai mumbled to herself. She typed up a note on her phone to remind herself to find something to clean the carpet with, and went on her way to the dorm showers.

Yep this is going to be a long year.

