Controlling his bladder

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-04-01 20:20

Cole and Evan have been happily living together for several years. Cole was 34, tall, strong, and had dark hair down to his shoulders. Evan was 28, a skinny Asian guy with short hair. Cole and Evan had a special relationship. Sometimes, Cole would dominate Evan.

Evan knew that Cole loved controlling his bladder, so on Friday after work Evan came home with a very full bladder.

"I have a surprise for you" he said, as he Put Cole's hands on his hard bladder.

Cole was feeling playful.

"How bad do you need to go, sweatheart?"

"I have to go pretty bad, been holding it for 2 hours for you..."

"I think you need a couple beers! Let's watch a movie and drink" Cole suggested

Evan was happy to comply. He loved having his bladder controlled, being forced to drink more and more until he was fit to burst, then being forced to wait. They watched "The Notebook", as romantic movies were their favorite.

Cole made Evan drink 3 beers. Guinness. Cole drank as well. Cole had his arm around his lover, and could feel his body growing more and more tense as the movie progressed.

Evan was getting very desperate for a pee. When he came home it was already bad, but an hour and 3 beers later, he was starting to shiver from the desperation. The urge at the tip of his penis was unberable. Even the slightest pressure on his bladder made his poor cock tremble.

"He looks so vulnerable and cute" thought Cole

"You're being so good, sweetie. I love you so much. Keep holding all that pee in for me. I know you're bursting, with all that urine pent up and begging to be let out, but it would please me for you to hold it"

"I will do anything to please you, love" replied Evan. His voice was strained.

Somehow, Evan managed to keep all his pee in through the rest of the movie. He was rocking his hips, and gripping his cock.

"I want you to let out some pee, but you must do so slowly and stop when I say" said Cole.

Cole had a massive erection, watching Evan squirm. He also had to pee rather bad from all the beer. He felt Evan relax in his arms, peeing slowly. After 5 seconds, Cole tells him to stop. Evan's face was the picture of agony while he stopped his stream. His cock was quivering, trying to pee some more, unhappy with the relief being taken away.

"Follow me to the bathroom and strip naked" instructed Cole

Evan stood naked in the bathroom corner, watching Cole. Cole liked taking his relief first while making Evan hold it in. Cole started peeing. He peed slowly, stopping and restarting his stream purposely. Toward the end of his pee, he forced a hard stream. Watching and hearing his lover piss was unbearable for Evan. He was involuntarily letting out little squirts of pee onto the floor.

Finishing up his pee, Cole gently pulls poor, bursting Evan to the toilet, aims his straining penis into the bowl and permits him to pee.

Evan felt unbelievable ecstasy as he poured his overflowing bladder out. His pee took two minutes, hitting the water hard. He was shaking as Evan hugged him from behind.

*003*2017-04-01 20:35

Thanks.

*005*2017-04-15 20:28

Cole controls Evan's bladder in public

It was the weekend, and Cole had a fun activity planned. Evan, his bf, enjoyed being denied relief while desperate to pee. Cole was more than happy to oblige.

Cole's plan was to speed up Evan's kidney function, while allowing him to pee at will. Then, when his bladder was used to relief every 20 minutes, Evan would have to stop peeing and hold it.

After a quick breakfast, the couple headed out. They planned to start the day off with a hike, then do some shopping, and finally see a movie after lunch. Evan was drinking plenty. They stopped at 2 gas stations during the hour-long drive to the trail for Evan to use the men's room. Every time Evan peed, Cole made him down 350 mL of water.

By the time they got to the trail, Evan needed to pee again. It was a brisk, sunny day, and Cole held Evan by the hand as they hiked in nature. It was a hard climb, so they were keeping very well hydrated. Evan needed to go urgently when they were done. Cole decided to use the urinal also. While relieving his own bladder, Cole noticed that Evan practically exploded at the urinal. Poor guy had to hold through the hike, as there were people around.

They drove back into town, and did some shopping. Evan was growing bored, as he hated shopping. Cole bought him a large sweet tea. Once Evan finished drinking it, Cole permitted him to pee one last time for the day.

"You can pee one last time now, Evan. Then you need to hold it for me. Can you do that, love?"

"Yes sir", replied Evan.

Evan didn't need to go that bad, but surprisingly released a hard stream at the urinal. As they headed to lunch half an hour later, Evan realized that he had to pee again. It was approaching urgent, but he was not allowed to pee until they got home. During lunch, Cole bought them a pitcher of beer. Evan had 3 beers with his burger.

When Evan stood up to go to the cinema, his bladder felt like a heavy weight in his lower stomach. His bladder muscles tensed and ached sweetly. His penis had a sharp urge at the tip. He still felt bloated from all the beers, so his need was bound to escalate soon.

"I'm gonna use the men's room before we head into the movie. I want you to stand at a urinal next to me, aim your penis, but pretent that you can't get a stream going, and walk away" said Cole.

"yes sir" answered Evan, bouncing in place slightly.

Cole had to go quite bad, and as Evan watched his strong stream poor into the urinal, he barely held it in. Walking away from the urinal was almost painful for poor, bursting Evan. Cole, however, felt relieved.

As the movie progressed, Evan was becoming more and more frantic. His penis felt like it was about to go off like a fire hose and spray piss in his pants. The movie was 3 hours long. About halfway through, Evan needed to hold himself to prevent leaks. He had a sweet tea and 3 beers and had not peed for hours. When the movie was over, Evan felt like he was gonna pee his pants any minute.

Cole put his arm around Evan to comfort him. Evan relaxed a little. Relaxing was a big mistake, as a large spurt wet his boxers. Evan was red in the face. His bladder was spasming. His penis hurt.

Somehow he made it to the car, and through the ride home. When he got inside the urge got unbearable. Evan was bent double, holding himself. He was sweaty and shaky from desperation. Cole gently led him to the bathroom. Cole liked to hold Evan's penis for him while he peed desperately. Evan stood in from of the toilet, and let Cole take out his penis for him. But he held back, waiting for permission.

"you can pee now, sweetheart" said Cole, kissing Evan on the back of the neck.

Evan immediately released a strong urgent stream. He moaning with pleasure, from peeing and Cole's gentle kisses. His stream was so hard, that water splashed back on his jeans. He peed for an eternity. Cole was very aroused by this, and was kissing and holding Evan passionately.

When Evan was done relieving himself, he took care of Cole's needs as well.

*006*2017-04-15 20:28

{{On 4/2/2017 at 7:32 PM, tek84 said:

Would love to hear more of their stories =)

}}

You got it. Just finished a sequel

*008*2017-04-16 14:29

{{3 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

We all need a boyfriend like Evan!

}}

I need a Cole in my life, personally

*010*2017-04-18 04:50

{{5 hours ago, tek84 said:

Is Evan based on you?

Thanks!! Loved it =D

}}

No. Evan's looks are based on my ex. Cole resembles a crush I had on an older person

