A fictional omo story about Darklands 2025.26.02 - 2025.02.03

Author: 1980asmk

*000*2025-02-15 17:21

This is a FICTIONAL story about Darklands 2025.26.02 - 2025.02.03 (Wednesday 26 February - Sunday 02 March 2025), an LGBTQIA+ festival in Belgium.

The moderators have advised me that posting about a real-life meet up is not permitted. So this is a fictional story / fantasy NOT a suggestion to meet up!!

It was the 15th annual Darklands Festival in Antwerp, Belgium, late February and early March 2025.

It was a time of celebration and hope and community and inclusion in a world turning to darkness and exclusion. It was also one h*ll of a fun ride for male and male-identified kinksters at night, and all genders in the daytime festival.

5,000 of the world's kinkiest f**k*rs all gathered to have fun for a multi-day fantasy that can only be experienced no one can fully describe the joy and spectacle.

It was also sadly ground zero for mpox 2022 and in 2025 Clade II mpox was at 100,000 cases worldwide a few days before the festival began, a harsh reminder that global cooperation on disease helps all of us even as an evil administration in the United States retreated from the World Health Organization and reduced global development aid.

Anyway, the attendees of Darklands, many criticized as being "woke" by fascists but actually mostly a kind and inclusive group of diverse humans, set aside such concerns to have fun! Those science- and epidemiological folks attending were hopeful it wouldn't be like 2022. All life is a balance between risk and fun, even if you're just crossing the road.

At least 100 of the 5,000 kinky Darklands attendees were into omorashi and/or omutsu (incluiding a subset of ABDLs), but there was no omorashi social.

The closest was the ABDL social scheduled for Sunday at the end of the festival, too late for omorashi fans to get together!

Happily, someone had posted a story on omorashi.org about male-identified omorashi and omutsu fans attending Darklands 2025, a story that included the entirely fictional detail about omorashi and omutsu attendees getting together at the "American Social" that was scheduled at Recon's Daytime Bar from 2pm-3pm on Thursday 27 February 2025.

Those aforementioned male-identified omorashi and omutsu practitioners all showed up at the social promptly on the Thursday at 2pm, wearing either a diaper or a T-Shirt in bright yellow coloring or any article of clothing with yellow such as a yellow highlighted harness or puppy collar. Happily they were all able to quickly find one another and connect and work out when, where and how to get together across the next few days of the festival for the best time and place for a HOLDING and P** DESPERATION competition!

At this competition and celebration of omorashi! and omutsu! they each brought their own favorite beverages and clothing, and contributed to a prize they all had agreed upon. Whether being a "winner" counted as being the last to lose control and flood their clothes/diaper, or the second-to-last, was also agreed upon at the social.

They had all agreed to pre-hydrate fully with the rapid pee desperation challenge so they were already "full" when they attended.

They then got together at the venue they had agreed upon, which might have been one of their hotel rooms or homes or simply the nice room of the festival on Friday or Saturday nights when wet play area was opened up.

There they all quickly stood around the urinals/open play area/toilet and emptied their bladders fully. Shy individuals were at a disadvantage.

Then they all consumed copious quantities of liquids at exactly the same pace to be fair. They were increasingly desperate until finally they started one-by-one to lose control of their distended bladders and FLOOD their clothing or diapers.

Until finally only three remained who held on criss-cross legs, squeezing genitals, and hopping from foot to foot until finally one could hold no longer and released. What a flood! A Niagara, an Iguazu, a true torrent! The prizes were awarded so the third-to-last received a small prize, and the second-to-last the larger prize, so there was a true "to the last" holding. The very last person sheepishly let go but received no prize at all, other than sweet relief, as they may not have been very desperate or may have cheated by having a lot of salty food beforehand.

All participants then cheered each other, and for those who gave permission hugged and allowed a squeeze of wet clothing/diapers, and they all happily continued the rest of the festival. They returned home after Darklands and their epic omorashi/omutsu competition, hopeful that the future would be one of peace, comity and community in their home countries and the world.

The End. :)

