Bursting at a concert

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-04-02 01:13

Aiden was so excited! He was going to see his favorite band, "The Killers", at a concert venue in Seattle. He drove in from out of town the previous day, and got a hotel room for a few days.

He spent the day leading up to the concert touring Seattle. He did a lot of walking, and it was quite hot outside, so he drank a lot of water and used the restroom frequently.

Before the concert, he ate some seafood at the wharf, washing it down with several blond ales. He used the restroom then set out to the venue.

Even though it was an hour before the concert, there was a huge line to get in. Aiden got in the back. Once he got inside, he hurried to snag a semi decent spot.

He lucked out and got a spot where he could see the stage well. The audience waited for a whole hour for the band to come out, at which point Aiden felt a moderate urge to pee. He didn't go though, because that meant losing his spot. No way was he paying 100$ and standing in the very back!

The concert was amazing. Aiden sang along and cheered withthe crowd. However, he was getting increasingly uncomfortable. His need was becoming very urgent. He always got desperate after drinking.

During the last part of the concert, Aiden was no longer singing along. In fact, he wasn't having any fun at all. His bladder felt heavy in his lower abdomen. All he wanted was to pull out his penis and relieve the pressure into a urinal. Or anywhere he could have privacy, at this point.

Once the concert was over, Aiden frantically navigated the crowd in search of the restroom. Finding the men's, his eyes bulged slightly at the long line. He squirmed in place, losing a few squirts of hot piss in his boxers.

He decided to walk to the hotel. He had to go so very bad. The cooling wetness in his boxers was making his desperate cock leak more urine. He hurried around the corner to an alley. Thinking no one was around, he started taking out his dick and aimed it at the wall. He was finally gonna pee. Suddenly, right as he was about to release the flood, he heard people coming. He quickly put away his penis. He felt new wetness seeping out of him and into his pants. He now had a small wet patch on his jeans.

What was he going to do!?! His only option was to walk to the hotel. It would take 15 minutes. Could he even wait that long? He tried his very hardest to hold back, but when he was just five minutes from relief, his piss exploded out of him, and down his left pants leg. He tried grabbing his cock to stop, but he couldn't. He peed for an eternity, soaking his pants and shoes.

