Ely's train station desperation

Author: 123456790

*000*2017-05-05 13:32

This story is about Ely, a man in his early 20s who goes to visit his friend in another city.

Ely woke up very early to catch the 7am train to the city where his friend lived. He barely had time to brush his teeth, eat, and gulp down his OJ and coffee. Every morning, Ely also drank 2 glasses of water, in order to be well hydrated. Hurriedly, he set out to the train station. It was about a 25 minute walk there from his dorm room. In his hurry, he forgot to tend to nature's call.

During his walk, he felt a slight nudge from his bladder. He has not urinated since the night before... He wasn't too worried though. He could just use the men's room before getting on the train. Unfortunately for him, that was not the case. He had set out a bit late, so he just barely made it to the train on time.

Slightly annoyed, Ely took a seat by the window. His need was getting bothersome. His bladder was tense, and he felt an urge the tip of his cock to release it. After all, he had not peed at all today. He crossed his legs and looked out the window.

The train did have a bathroom, but Ely didn't like peeing on moving trains, as it was very hard to aim right. Bored, he took out a novel he brought along, and got absorbed in it. The train ride was two hours long, and he was about 20 minutes into it. He kept reading for about an hour, which distracted him quite well, for a little while. Suddenly, he felt a strong spasm in his bladder. He clenched up to avoid a leak. His morning coffee, OJ, and water had made their way into his bladder. Buoy was he desperate now.

There were 30 minutes left of the train ride, and Ely didn't want to wait that long. He decided to brave the train bathroom. He stood up and made his way to the back. Standing up made made his need painfully urgent. He involuntarily bounced around a bit. To his dismay, there were 2 people in line for the bathroom. He leaned against the compartment wall, and waited as patiently as he could. The door was quite thin, so he could hear the person in there peeing. His cock twitched slightly with the urge to release his bladder. He had to GO. so bad.

Finally, it was poor Ely's turn to pee. He scrambled into the cramped bathroom, and hurriedly shut the door. He stood in front of the toilet, unzipped, and took out his penis. Unfortunately, the train was shaking so much that he was neither able to steady his stance not aim into the toilet. He didn't want to pee all over the floor, or worse himself. Dejectedly, he put himself away, zipped back up, and walked away from the toilet. His bladder screamed in protest. He washed his hands, and almost spurted in his pants from the running water.

Sitting back down, Ely decided to wait until he got to the station, and pee there. The next 30 minutes were awful. He couldn't focus on reading. He crossed his legs, moved around, and even squeezed himself a few times to keep control of his overfull bladder. At this point, he has gone without a pee for 14 hours.

Finally, the train stopped. Ely got in front of the door, ready to hop off the train and rush to the men's room. He was almost there. The door opened, and Ely hurried to the bathroom. What he found there broke his heart. The men's room was out of order. He was standing in front of the door, beyond which lay toilets and urinals, to which he had no access. Ely didn't know what to do. He was so frustrated. He was now semi hard inside his pants, from his urge to pee.

His friend was going to pick him up and they were going to drive to a local national park and hike there. Ely looked at his phone, and saw a text from his friend, informing his that he would be half an hour late.

Ely couldn't wait another half hour! He needed relief now. Ely exited the station, and looked around for a place to pee. Everything was closed at this hour.

Ely grabbed his penis desperately, but could not stop the short spurt that dampened his briefs. He was almost peeing in his pants. Deciding that enough was enough, he dipped into a solitary alley. There was a cluster of trash cans that could provide cover. Quickly, he got between them. Bouncing up and down, he undid his fly with difficulty. Then, freeing his tortured penis, he watered the wall for over a minute. His stream was very strong.

After getting relief, Ely went back to the station to wait for his friend.

*002*2017-05-07 10:47

{{23 hours ago, full-bladder12 said:

Amazing! Thanks for share it

}}

I get off on writing about desperate men being denied the right to pee. I like ending my stories on a slightly wet note, while still allowing my character relief. More to come

